"The viewing experience of art is a complex one ,",involving,True,"issues of perception , attention , memory , decision-making , affect , and emotion ."
This paper describes a collaborative pilot project,focusing,True,on a unique collection of 17th Century Zurbarán paintings .
We will discuss the potential implications of these techniques and our,understanding,True,of visual behaviours on museum and gallery practice .
"Importantly ,",studying,True,"eye movements offers an insight that does not depend on the participants’ participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork ."
"Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of",studying,True,"several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of,studying,True,"several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
"Past studies establish that each of these efforts is strongly and positively influenced through various forms of faculty diversity ,",including,True,"ethnic , racial , and gender diversity ."
"As an example , research shows that greater diversity within a community or group can lead to improved critical",thinking,True,"[ 1 ] and more creative solutions to complex tasks [ 2 , 3 ] by pairing together individuals with unique skillsets and perspectives that complement and often augment the abilities of their peers ."
"Additionally , diversity has been shown to produce more supportive social climates and effective",learning,True,"environments [ 4 ] , which can facilitate the mentoring of young scientists ."
"Measuring the composition and dynamics of a scientific workforce , particularly in a rapidly expanding field like computer science , is a crucial first step toward",understanding,True,how scholarly research is conducted and how it might be enhanced .
"Most fields , on the other hand ,",including,True,"computer science , lack a single all-encompassing organization and membership information is instead distributed across many disjoint lists , such as web-based faculty directories for individual departments ."
"But , this data set is only a single snapshot of an evolving and expanding system and hence offers few insights into the",changing,True,composition and diversity trends within these academic fields .
"By assembling an accurate census of an entire field from online information alone , this system will facilitate new research on the composition of academic fields by",providing,True,"access to complete faculty listings , without having to rely on surveys or professional societies ."
"Enjambment takes place when a syntactic unit is broken up across two lines of poetry ( Domínguez Caparrós , 2000 : 103 ) ,",giving,True,"rise to different stylistic effects ( e.g. increased emphasis on elements of the broken-up phrase , or contrast between those elements ) , or creating double interpretations for the enjambed lines ( García-Paje , 1991 ) ."
"In Spanish poetry , the syntactic configurations under which enjambment takes place have been described extensively , and detailed studies on the use of enjambment by individual authors exist ( see Martínez Cantón , 2011 for an overview )",including,True,", among others Quilis ( 1964 ) , Domínguez Caparrós , ( 2000 ) , Paraíso , ( 2000 ) , Spang ( 1983 ) for a description of enjambment , and Alarcos ( 1966 ) , Senabre ( 1982 ) , Luján ( 2006 ) , Martínez Fernández ( 2010 ) for case-studies on a single author ."
"Finally , our study complements Navarro’s Navarro ’s ( 2016 ) automatic metrical analyses of Spanish Golden Age sonnets , by covering a wider period and",focusing,True,on enjambment .
"The project’s project ’s website provides details omitted here for space reasons ,",including,True,"samples for the corpus , results , and other details ."
"Quilis ( 1964 ) performed poetry reading experiments , proposing that the",following,True,"strongly connected elements give rise to enjambment , should a poetic-form pause break them up :"
"Such an organization is surely permissible , but it has had the unfortunate ( and likely intended ) effect of muddying debates in the public forum by misleading people into",thinking,True,that the college speaks for the pediatric profession at large .
A yet more egregious example of such pollution involved collaborative efforts by pharmaceutical companies and the,publishing,True,giant Elsevier to produce publications mimicking peer-reviewed journals in the interest of promoting the companies’ companies ’ commercial products [ 23 ] .
"More recently , institutions of academic expertise have been subject to a large and",growing,True,outbreak of so-called predatory journals — journals that will publish almost anything for a fee .
"They have other functions , and these functions may come into conflict ,",creating,True,pressures to inflate credentials .
"For example , universities have a financial incentive to inflate the expertise of their academic staff , thereby",increasing,True,"their rankings , bringing in grant money , and attracting students ."
Cognitive games involve a number of different games,working,True,"aspects of human cognition , while proposing the intersection between the sets of concepts , fun and cognition , for the improvement of cognitive functions ."
"The attention is the main point made in this study , since it is fundamental to the",learning,True,process and be recurring complaint among parents and teachers in schools .
"With respect to the contributions of digital games to improvement of cognitive processes , researchers suggest that regular practice has a significant influence on",improving,True,"the performance related to basic visual skills ( Li , Polat , Scalzo , & Bavelier , 2010 ) ; on the ability to perceive objects simultaneously ( Dye & Bavelier , 2010 ; Feng , Spence , & Pratt , 2007 ) ; and on the ability to do more than one task at the same time ( Boot , Kramer , Simons , Fabiani , & Gratton , 2008 ) ."
"Other studies specifically investigate the use of digital games in the school context and suggest potential for digital game use to improve of student's student 's attention span at preschool age ( Rueda , Checa , & Cómbita , 2012 ) , to improve overall intelligence capacity of elementary school children ( Miller & Robertson , 2010 ) , and to better performance of",working,True,"memory ability ( Klingberg et al. , 2005 ; Thorell , Lindqvist , Nutley , Bohlin , & Klingberg , 2009 ) ."
The games have features like,increasing,True,"challenges , rules that establish what can and cannot can not be done , and involvement of the player in the quest to gain skills and win the game ( Kirriemuir & McFarlane , 2004 ; Prensky , 2005 ) ."
The games involve challenges and rules,involving,True,"the exercise of cognitive functions , especially the working memory , attention and capacity of solving problems ."
It collects the data based on the observation of the proposed interventions as well as interviews conducted with participating teachers and students to identify their perceptions of digital games’ games ’ contributions to the,learning,True,process .
"From this , we conclude that an intervention based on cognitive digital games offers contributions to the",learning,True,process and improvement of sustained attention .
How do people,look,False,at and experience art ?
Which elements of specific artworks do they,focus,False,on ?
Do museum labels have an impact on how people,look,False,at artworks ?
"While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no",work,False,has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes .
The purpose of this pilot,study,False,was to assess the effects of different written interpretation on the visual exploration of artworks .
Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we,understand,False,"visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
While studies of the psychology of art have,focused,False,"on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes ."
"When regarding an artwork , a viewer gathers information through a series fixations , interspersed by rapid movements of the eye",called,False,saccades .
"Because assembling such a full census is difficult , past studies have tended to avoid this task and have instead used samples of researchers [ 8 – 11 ] , usually specific to a particular field [ 12 – 16 ] , and often",focused,False,"on the scientific elite [ 17 , 18 ] ."
"Given that need , we have",developed,False,"software , based on Natural Language Processing , that automatically identifies enjambment in Spanish , and applied it to a corpus of approx. 3750 sonnets by ca. 1000 authors , from the 15th to the 19th century ."
"First , the literature shows a debate about which specific syntactic units can be",considered,False,"to trigger enjambment , if split across two lines , and whether lexical and syntactic criteria are sufficient to identify enjambment ."
"Then , our corpus and system are described ,",followed,False,by an evaluation of the system .
This paper,describes,False,a collaborative pilot project focusing on a unique collection of 17th Century Zurbarán paintings .
While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual,works,False,"and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes ."
The project,brings,False,"together established research strengths in Spanish art history , experimental psychology , digital humanities , and museum studies to explore , using eye-tracking techniques , aesthetic reactions to digital representations of the individual Zurbarán artworks as well as the significance of the collection as a whole ."
Our experience of art,develops,False,from the interaction of several cognitive and affective processes ; the beginning of which is a visual scan of the artwork .
"Importantly , studying eye movements",offers,False,"an insight that does not depend on the participants’ participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork ."
"Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time",offers,False,"a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
Do museum labels have an impact on,how,False,people look at artworks ?
"Thus , the time",it,False,"takes and the ways of visually exploring an artwork can inform about its relevance , interestingness , and even its aesthetic appeal ."
Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman,et,False,"al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
"In this study we used eye-tracking in the first stage of exploring audience experience of the extensive Spanish art collections of County Durham , of which the 13 Zurbarán artworks ( there are actually only 12 Zurbarán artworks , the 13th Benjamin , is a copy by Arthur Pond ) are a key part of , to investigate the ways in which audiences look at Spanish art ,",how,False,aesthetic experience is evaluated and whether audiences can be encouraged to approach art in different ways .
This pilot project primarily investigated,how,False,"participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
"Measuring the composition and dynamics of a scientific workforce , particularly in a rapidly expanding field like computer science , is a crucial first step toward understanding",how,False,scholarly research is conducted and how it might be enhanced .
"In this paper , we report upon the novel insights eye-tracking techniques have",provided,False,into the unconscious processes of viewing the unique collection of Zurbarán artworks .
"As an example , research shows that greater diversity within a community or group can lead to",improved,False,"critical thinking [ 1 ] and more creative solutions to complex tasks [ 2 , 3 ] by pairing together individuals with unique skillsets and perspectives that complement and often augment the abilities of their peers ."
"Here , we present a novel system ,",based,False,"on a topical web crawler , that can quickly and automatically assemble a full census of an academic field using digital data available on the public World Wide Web ."
"The system is capable of collecting census data for an entire academic field in just a few hours using off-the-shelf computing hardware , a vast improvement over the roughly 1600 hours",required,False,to do this task by hand [ 19 ] .
"Enjambment takes place when a syntactic unit is broken up across two lines of poetry ( Domínguez Caparrós , 2000 : 103 ) , giving rise to different stylistic effects ( e.g.",increased,False,"emphasis on elements of the broken-up phrase , or contrast between those elements ) , or creating double interpretations for the enjambed lines ( García-Paje , 1991 ) ."
"In Spanish poetry , the syntactic configurations under which enjambment takes place have been",described,False,"extensively , and detailed studies on the use of enjambment by individual authors exist ( see Martínez Cantón , 2011 for an overview ) including , among others Quilis ( 1964 ) , Domínguez Caparrós , ( 2000 ) , Paraíso , ( 2000 ) , Spang ( 1983 ) for a description of enjambment , and Alarcos ( 1966 ) , Senabre ( 1982 ) , Luján ( 2006 ) , Martínez Fernández ( 2010 ) for case-studies on a single author ."
"This data set has shed considerable light on dramatic inequalities in faculty training ,",placement,False,", and scholarly productivity [ 6 , 19 , 20 ] ."
"The system is capable of collecting census data for an entire academic field in just a few hours using off-the-shelf computing hardware , a vast",improvement,False,over the roughly 1600 hours required to do this task by hand [ 19 ] .
"Finally , applied to many academic fields in parallel , the system can elucidate scientists’ scientists ’",movement,False,between different disciplines and relate those labor flows to scientific advances .
"Whether due to this behavior or not , Jeffrey Beall decided to add the",publisher,False,to his influential ( but now sadly unavailable ) list of questionable journals [ 26 ] .
"Cognitive games involve a number of different games working aspects of human cognition , while proposing the intersection between the sets of concepts , fun and cognition , for the",improvement,False,of cognitive functions .
With respect to the contributions of digital games to,improvement,False,"of cognitive processes , researchers suggest that regular practice has a significant influence on improving the performance related to basic visual skills ( Li , Polat , Scalzo , & Bavelier , 2010 ) ; on the ability to perceive objects simultaneously ( Dye & Bavelier , 2010 ; Feng , Spence , & Pratt , 2007 ) ; and on the ability to do more than one task at the same time ( Boot , Kramer , Simons , Fabiani , & Gratton , 2008 ) ."
"This system can also be used longitudinally to study how the workforce’s workforce ’s composition changes over time , which is particularly valuable for evaluating the effectiveness of policies",meant,False,to broaden participation or improve retention of faculty .
"Thus , when ACPeds issued a statement condemning gender reassignment surgery in 2016 [ 21 ] , many people mistook the organization’s organization ’s political beliefs for the consensus view among United States pediatricians — although the peak body for pediatric",workers,False,", the American Academy of Pediatrics , has a much more positive view of gender dysphoria [ 22 ] ."
If academics with expertise in relevant fields have difficulty assessing whether particular journals or particular,publishers,False,"are legitimate , one cannot can not reasonably expect ordinary people to make such judgments ."
"In support of the second claim , we show that Huh ? meets the criteria of a word in the sense of being a conventional lexical sign which must be",learnt,False,.
These operators,reproduce,False,programming errors that are litely to occur during the development of this type of applications .
"Daniel was a son of Johann Bernoulli ( one of the "" early",developers,False,""" of calculus ) and a nephew of Jacob Bernoulli ( who "" was the first to discover the theory of probability "" ) ."
