While studies of the psychology of art have,focused,True,"on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes ."
"When regarding an artwork , a viewer gathers information through a series fixations , interspersed by rapid movements of the eye",called,True,saccades .
"Because assembling such a full census is difficult , past studies have tended to avoid this task and have instead used samples of researchers [ 8 – 11 ] , usually specific to a particular field [ 12 – 16 ] , and often",focused,True,"on the scientific elite [ 17 , 18 ] ."
"Given that need , we have",developed,True,"software , based on Natural Language Processing , that automatically identifies enjambment in Spanish , and applied it to a corpus of approx. 3750 sonnets by ca. 1000 authors , from the 15th to the 19th century ."
"First , the literature shows a debate about which specific syntactic units can be",considered,True,"to trigger enjambment , if split across two lines , and whether lexical and syntactic criteria are sufficient to identify enjambment ."
"Then , our corpus and system are described ,",followed,True,by an evaluation of the system .
"In Spanish tradition , enjambment ( in Spanish , "" encabalgamiento "" ) is",considered,True,"to take place when a pause suggested by poetic form ( e.g. at the end of a line or across hemistichs ) occurs between strongly connected lexical or syntactic units , triggering an unnatural cut between those units ."
His typology is still,considered,True,"current , and was adopted by later authors , although complementary enjambment typologies have been proposed , as Martínez Cantón ( 2011 ) reviews ."
"Insofar as the larger organization , with a broader membership base , can be",expected,True,"to reflect a wider range of expert opinions and a higher degree of expertise , it is reasonable to give its views greater weight than those of the smaller organization ."
the legitimacy of the,published,True,"findings was not enhanced through their publication by Elsevier , but rather the legitimacy of Elsevier’s Elsevier ’s publications — and , by extension , all academic journals — was diminished through their dissemination of deceptive and commercially interested research ."
"For example , the Frontiers contingent of journals appears legitimate — at least to me — despite the fact that authors are",expected,True,to pay a publication fee . 8
Frontiers in Public Health controversially,published,True,articles linking vaccines and autism [ 24 ] and questioning the link between HIV and AIDS [ 25 ] .
"Since conflicts of interest are a reason to discount expertise , it is incumbent on me to note that I have",published,True,in Frontiers journals on several occasions .
This is,followed,True,by a repetition of the original statement by G .
By compiling data from,published,True,"literature we found that in thirty-one languages around the world , the interjection for other-initiated repair appears to be strongly similar ( Figure 1 ) ."
We,expected,True,"that the use of a training session and then the format of the question would guide participants towards evaluating pragmatic felicity over providing truth value judgments , and would result in adult-like interpretations ."
Follow-up studies with increased stimuli and participants are,needed,True,.
The puppets used were,picked,True,specifically for this task with careful attention to their appearance .
This interesting combination of findings –,expected,True,"hierarchy of difficulty , but differing age of acquisition – is an important addition to our growing cross-linguistic knowledge of SI and could be the result of language-specific differences in the use of SI lexical items or methodological differences ."
The acute and chronic effects are the normal responses of the skin to UVR ; acute reactions,considered,True,will be erythema ( sunburn ) and vitamin D production .
"A mutant is a copy of the system in which a change has been done that , in most cases , will lead to a behaviour different than",expected,True,.
These areas of interest are,called,True,Geofences .
"As future work , we intend to extend this approach to other domains , as well as to use the",developed,True,operators for the automatic improvement of sets of test cases .
Replication studies are,considered,True,by many to play a fundamental role in any scientific endeavor .
The severe concerns underpinning the alleged crisis have several dimensions relating to : (a) the ( small ) amount of,published,True,"replication research ; (b) the ( poor ) quality of replication research ; and (c) the ( lack of ) reproducibility , which refers to the extent to which findings can (not ( not ) be reproduced in replication attempts that have been undertaken ."
"Indeed , some commentators have",called,True,"replication the “ gold standard ” of research evidence ( Jasny , Chin , Chong , & Vignieri , 2011 , p. 1225 ) and a “ linchpin of the scientific process ” ( Let ’s replicate , 2006 , p. 330 ) ."
"In the field of L2 research , given the importance of replication and the 50 calls for replication in L2 research that we identified , one might expect a substantial number of",published,True,replication studies by now .
"However , a perceived lack of prestige , excitement , and originality of replication plagues L2 research ( Porte , 2012 ) , as it does other disciplines ( Berez-Kroeker et al. , 2017 ; Branco , Cohen , Vossen , Ide , & Calzolari , 2017 ; Chambers , 2017 ; Schmidt , 2009 ) , and these perceptions are thought to have caused , at least in part ( directly or indirectly ) , alleged low rates and a poor quality of",published,True,replication studies .
"However , a systematic metascience on replication research has not yet been established in the field of L2 research , leaving a poor understanding of the actual number and nature of replication studies that have been",published,True,.
"In fact , the control-weight subjects",showed,True,"a more horizontally oriented femur during walking with respect to the control group , similar to that observed in Carrano and Biewener's Biewener 's experimental subjects [ 7 ] ."
The orientation of each limb element to the ground reaction force ( GRF ) indicates the relative contribution of axial and bending forces to external bone loading : a bone perpendicular to the GRF is,expected,True,experience greater bending forces than one parallel to the GRF .
"The viewing experience of art is a complex one ,",involving,False,"issues of perception , attention , memory , decision-making , affect , and emotion ."
This paper describes a collaborative pilot project,focusing,False,on a unique collection of 17th Century Zurbarán paintings .
We will discuss the potential implications of these techniques and our,understanding,False,of visual behaviours on museum and gallery practice .
"Importantly ,",studying,False,"eye movements offers an insight that does not depend on the participants’ participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork ."
"Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of",studying,False,"several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of,studying,False,"several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
How do people,look,False,at and experience art ?
Which elements of specific artworks do they,focus,False,on ?
Do museum labels have an impact on how people,look,False,at artworks ?
"While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no",work,False,has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes .
The purpose of this pilot,study,False,was to assess the effects of different written interpretation on the visual exploration of artworks .
Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we,understand,False,"visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
This paper,describes,False,a collaborative pilot project focusing on a unique collection of 17th Century Zurbarán paintings .
While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual,works,False,"and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes ."
The project,brings,False,"together established research strengths in Spanish art history , experimental psychology , digital humanities , and museum studies to explore , using eye-tracking techniques , aesthetic reactions to digital representations of the individual Zurbarán artworks as well as the significance of the collection as a whole ."
Our experience of art,develops,False,from the interaction of several cognitive and affective processes ; the beginning of which is a visual scan of the artwork .
"Importantly , studying eye movements",offers,False,"an insight that does not depend on the participants’ participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork ."
"Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time",offers,False,"a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
Do museum labels have an impact on,how,False,people look at artworks ?
"Thus , the time",it,False,"takes and the ways of visually exploring an artwork can inform about its relevance , interestingness , and even its aesthetic appeal ."
Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman,et,False,"al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
"In this study we used eye-tracking in the first stage of exploring audience experience of the extensive Spanish art collections of County Durham , of which the 13 Zurbarán artworks ( there are actually only 12 Zurbarán artworks , the 13th Benjamin , is a copy by Arthur Pond ) are a key part of , to investigate the ways in which audiences look at Spanish art ,",how,False,aesthetic experience is evaluated and whether audiences can be encouraged to approach art in different ways .
This pilot project primarily investigated,how,False,"participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
"Measuring the composition and dynamics of a scientific workforce , particularly in a rapidly expanding field like computer science , is a crucial first step toward understanding",how,False,scholarly research is conducted and how it might be enhanced .
"In this paper , we report upon the novel insights eye-tracking techniques have",provided,False,into the unconscious processes of viewing the unique collection of Zurbarán artworks .
"As an example , research shows that greater diversity within a community or group can lead to",improved,False,"critical thinking [ 1 ] and more creative solutions to complex tasks [ 2 , 3 ] by pairing together individuals with unique skillsets and perspectives that complement and often augment the abilities of their peers ."
"Here , we present a novel system ,",based,False,"on a topical web crawler , that can quickly and automatically assemble a full census of an academic field using digital data available on the public World Wide Web ."
"The system is capable of collecting census data for an entire academic field in just a few hours using off-the-shelf computing hardware , a vast improvement over the roughly 1600 hours",required,False,to do this task by hand [ 19 ] .
"Enjambment takes place when a syntactic unit is broken up across two lines of poetry ( Domínguez Caparrós , 2000 : 103 ) , giving rise to different stylistic effects ( e.g.",increased,False,"emphasis on elements of the broken-up phrase , or contrast between those elements ) , or creating double interpretations for the enjambed lines ( García-Paje , 1991 ) ."
"In Spanish poetry , the syntactic configurations under which enjambment takes place have been",described,False,"extensively , and detailed studies on the use of enjambment by individual authors exist ( see Martínez Cantón , 2011 for an overview ) including , among others Quilis ( 1964 ) , Domínguez Caparrós , ( 2000 ) , Paraíso , ( 2000 ) , Spang ( 1983 ) for a description of enjambment , and Alarcos ( 1966 ) , Senabre ( 1982 ) , Luján ( 2006 ) , Martínez Fernández ( 2010 ) for case-studies on a single author ."
"This data set has shed considerable light on dramatic inequalities in faculty training ,",placement,False,", and scholarly productivity [ 6 , 19 , 20 ] ."
"The system is capable of collecting census data for an entire academic field in just a few hours using off-the-shelf computing hardware , a vast",improvement,False,over the roughly 1600 hours required to do this task by hand [ 19 ] .
"Finally , applied to many academic fields in parallel , the system can elucidate scientists’ scientists ’",movement,False,between different disciplines and relate those labor flows to scientific advances .
"Whether due to this behavior or not , Jeffrey Beall decided to add the",publisher,False,to his influential ( but now sadly unavailable ) list of questionable journals [ 26 ] .
"Cognitive games involve a number of different games working aspects of human cognition , while proposing the intersection between the sets of concepts , fun and cognition , for the",improvement,False,of cognitive functions .
With respect to the contributions of digital games to,improvement,False,"of cognitive processes , researchers suggest that regular practice has a significant influence on improving the performance related to basic visual skills ( Li , Polat , Scalzo , & Bavelier , 2010 ) ; on the ability to perceive objects simultaneously ( Dye & Bavelier , 2010 ; Feng , Spence , & Pratt , 2007 ) ; and on the ability to do more than one task at the same time ( Boot , Kramer , Simons , Fabiani , & Gratton , 2008 ) ."
"This system can also be used longitudinally to study how the workforce’s workforce ’s composition changes over time , which is particularly valuable for evaluating the effectiveness of policies",meant,False,to broaden participation or improve retention of faculty .
"Thus , when ACPeds issued a statement condemning gender reassignment surgery in 2016 [ 21 ] , many people mistook the organization’s organization ’s political beliefs for the consensus view among United States pediatricians — although the peak body for pediatric",workers,False,", the American Academy of Pediatrics , has a much more positive view of gender dysphoria [ 22 ] ."
If academics with expertise in relevant fields have difficulty assessing whether particular journals or particular,publishers,False,"are legitimate , one cannot can not reasonably expect ordinary people to make such judgments ."
"In support of the second claim , we show that Huh ? meets the criteria of a word in the sense of being a conventional lexical sign which must be",learnt,False,.
These operators,reproduce,False,programming errors that are litely to occur during the development of this type of applications .
"Daniel was a son of Johann Bernoulli ( one of the "" early",developers,False,""" of calculus ) and a nephew of Jacob Bernoulli ( who "" was the first to discover the theory of probability "" ) ."
