"In this paper , we report upon the novel insights eye-tracking techniques have",provided,True,into the unconscious processes of viewing the unique collection of Zurbarán artworks .
"As an example , research shows that greater diversity within a community or group can lead to",improved,True,"critical thinking [ 1 ] and more creative solutions to complex tasks [ 2 , 3 ] by pairing together individuals with unique skillsets and perspectives that complement and often augment the abilities of their peers ."
"Here , we present a novel system ,",based,True,"on a topical web crawler , that can quickly and automatically assemble a full census of an academic field using digital data available on the public World Wide Web ."
"The system is capable of collecting census data for an entire academic field in just a few hours using off-the-shelf computing hardware , a vast improvement over the roughly 1600 hours",required,True,to do this task by hand [ 19 ] .
"Enjambment takes place when a syntactic unit is broken up across two lines of poetry ( Domínguez Caparrós , 2000 : 103 ) , giving rise to different stylistic effects ( e.g.",increased,True,"emphasis on elements of the broken-up phrase , or contrast between those elements ) , or creating double interpretations for the enjambed lines ( García-Paje , 1991 ) ."
"In Spanish poetry , the syntactic configurations under which enjambment takes place have been",described,True,"extensively , and detailed studies on the use of enjambment by individual authors exist ( see Martínez Cantón , 2011 for an overview ) including , among others Quilis ( 1964 ) , Domínguez Caparrós , ( 2000 ) , Paraíso , ( 2000 ) , Spang ( 1983 ) for a description of enjambment , and Alarcos ( 1966 ) , Senabre ( 1982 ) , Luján ( 2006 ) , Martínez Fernández ( 2010 ) for case-studies on a single author ."
"Given that need , we have developed software ,",based,True,"on Natural Language Processing , that automatically identifies enjambment in Spanish , and applied it to a corpus of approx. 3750 sonnets by ca. 1000 authors , from the 15th to the 19th century ."
"Then , our corpus and system are",described,True,", followed by an evaluation of the system ."
A yet more egregious example of such pollution,involved,True,collaborative efforts by pharmaceutical companies and the publishing giant Elsevier to produce publications mimicking peer-reviewed journals in the interest of promoting the companies’ companies ’ commercial products [ 23 ] .
"Whether due to this behavior or not , Jeffrey Beall",decided,True,to add the publisher to his influential ( but now sadly unavailable ) list of questionable journals [ 26 ] .
It collects the data,based,True,on the observation of the proposed interventions as well as interviews conducted with participating teachers and students to identify their perceptions of digital games’ games ’ contributions to the learning process .
A statistical analysis was performed,based,True,on the application of the paired t-test on the difference of the overall score obtained in the test before and after the intervention in the two groups .
"From this , we conclude that an intervention",based,True,on cognitive digital games offers contributions to the learning process and improvement of sustained attention .
"From a systematic comparison of 10 spoken languages from 5 continents we find evidence suggesting that a word like ‘ Huh ? ’ – used as a ‘ repair initiator ’ when , for example , one has not clearly",heard,True,"what someone just said [ 5 ] , [ 6 ] – is a universal word ."
Bantu languages are not,included,True,in studies of acquisition often enough despite the numerous languages in this linguistic grouping and the millions of people using them .
Follow-up studies with,increased,True,stimuli and participants are needed .
"however , in the study by Hein and colleagues it was found that children responded more or less frequently",based,True,on factors such as stimuli type .
"In the current study , the responses from two children were not",included,True,because they responded the same way to every item through the training and all test items .
"More specifically , they answered “ yes ” that the puppet",described,True,the pictures well .
"It is also possible though that these two children were attempting to please the data collectors , or be polite , and that “ yes ” was in some ways a default answer to be",provided,True,when having to respond verbally in a test context .
The cardinal numbers,included,True,"in this study were only one through five in order to avoid additional item variability , but larger numbers should be included in future research ."
"Unfortunately , most of the time , people in the residential end up choosing a lamp",based,True,on it is price rather than its efficiency and this cause us to pay for our lighting more than necessary .
Skin aging and skin cancer will be discussed as those reactions,produced,True,by prolonged or repeated UVR exposure [ 4 ] .
"In some fields , a flourishing metascience , that is , the scientific study of science ( see Munafò et al. , 2017 ) , has",included,True,"syntheses assessing the quantity and nature of replication efforts , for example , in education ( Makel & Plucker , 2014 and in psychology ( Makel et al. , 2012 ) ."
"However , a perceived lack of prestige , excitement , and originality of replication plagues L2 research ( Porte , 2012 ) , as it does other disciplines ( Berez-Kroeker et al. , 2017 ; Branco , Cohen , Vossen , Ide , & Calzolari , 2017 ; Chambers , 2017 ; Schmidt , 2009 ) , and these perceptions are thought to have",caused,True,", at least in part ( directly or indirectly ) , alleged low rates and a poor quality of published replication studies ."
The posterior displacement of the CoM,produced,True,"a more vertically oriented femur during standing ( femur in experimental animals was 40 % more vertical than control subjects ) , and increased femoral retraction and decreased knee flexion during walking ."
These postural and kinematics changes cannot can not be attributed to an,increased,True,weight as subjects of the control-weight group did not show the same changes as the experimental group .
To test if the postural differences observed in this study,produced,True,"changes in limb morphology , we measured the length and mid-shaft cross-sectional properties of the femur in all our individuals ."
"First , our experimental subjects",lived,True,in a large enclosure under conditions that allowed them to exercise all day long .
"Thus , our study seems to have generated a more gradual and less pronounced change in the moment of inertia",produced,True,"by the artificial tail , allowing experimental subjects to adjust to the posterior mass by adopting a more vertical position of the femur while standing ."
This suggests that their results could be partially explained as a response to the,increased,True,loading rather than to the displacement of the CoM .
"The viewing experience of art is a complex one ,",involving,False,"issues of perception , attention , memory , decision-making , affect , and emotion ."
This paper describes a collaborative pilot project,focusing,False,on a unique collection of 17th Century Zurbarán paintings .
We will discuss the potential implications of these techniques and our,understanding,False,of visual behaviours on museum and gallery practice .
"Importantly ,",studying,False,"eye movements offers an insight that does not depend on the participants’ participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork ."
"Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of",studying,False,"several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of,studying,False,"several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
How do people,look,False,at and experience art ?
Which elements of specific artworks do they,focus,False,on ?
Do museum labels have an impact on how people,look,False,at artworks ?
"While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no",work,False,has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes .
The purpose of this pilot,study,False,was to assess the effects of different written interpretation on the visual exploration of artworks .
Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we,understand,False,"visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
While studies of the psychology of art have,focused,False,"on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes ."
"When regarding an artwork , a viewer gathers information through a series fixations , interspersed by rapid movements of the eye",called,False,saccades .
"Because assembling such a full census is difficult , past studies have tended to avoid this task and have instead used samples of researchers [ 8 – 11 ] , usually specific to a particular field [ 12 – 16 ] , and often",focused,False,"on the scientific elite [ 17 , 18 ] ."
"Given that need , we have",developed,False,"software , based on Natural Language Processing , that automatically identifies enjambment in Spanish , and applied it to a corpus of approx. 3750 sonnets by ca. 1000 authors , from the 15th to the 19th century ."
"First , the literature shows a debate about which specific syntactic units can be",considered,False,"to trigger enjambment , if split across two lines , and whether lexical and syntactic criteria are sufficient to identify enjambment ."
"Then , our corpus and system are described ,",followed,False,by an evaluation of the system .
This paper,describes,False,a collaborative pilot project focusing on a unique collection of 17th Century Zurbarán paintings .
While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual,works,False,"and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes ."
The project,brings,False,"together established research strengths in Spanish art history , experimental psychology , digital humanities , and museum studies to explore , using eye-tracking techniques , aesthetic reactions to digital representations of the individual Zurbarán artworks as well as the significance of the collection as a whole ."
Our experience of art,develops,False,from the interaction of several cognitive and affective processes ; the beginning of which is a visual scan of the artwork .
"Importantly , studying eye movements",offers,False,"an insight that does not depend on the participants’ participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork ."
"Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time",offers,False,"a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
Do museum labels have an impact on,how,False,people look at artworks ?
"Thus , the time",it,False,"takes and the ways of visually exploring an artwork can inform about its relevance , interestingness , and even its aesthetic appeal ."
Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman,et,False,"al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
"In this study we used eye-tracking in the first stage of exploring audience experience of the extensive Spanish art collections of County Durham , of which the 13 Zurbarán artworks ( there are actually only 12 Zurbarán artworks , the 13th Benjamin , is a copy by Arthur Pond ) are a key part of , to investigate the ways in which audiences look at Spanish art ,",how,False,aesthetic experience is evaluated and whether audiences can be encouraged to approach art in different ways .
This pilot project primarily investigated,how,False,"participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
"Measuring the composition and dynamics of a scientific workforce , particularly in a rapidly expanding field like computer science , is a crucial first step toward understanding",how,False,scholarly research is conducted and how it might be enhanced .
"This data set has shed considerable light on dramatic inequalities in faculty training ,",placement,False,", and scholarly productivity [ 6 , 19 , 20 ] ."
"The system is capable of collecting census data for an entire academic field in just a few hours using off-the-shelf computing hardware , a vast",improvement,False,over the roughly 1600 hours required to do this task by hand [ 19 ] .
"Finally , applied to many academic fields in parallel , the system can elucidate scientists’ scientists ’",movement,False,between different disciplines and relate those labor flows to scientific advances .
"Whether due to this behavior or not , Jeffrey Beall decided to add the",publisher,False,to his influential ( but now sadly unavailable ) list of questionable journals [ 26 ] .
"Cognitive games involve a number of different games working aspects of human cognition , while proposing the intersection between the sets of concepts , fun and cognition , for the",improvement,False,of cognitive functions .
With respect to the contributions of digital games to,improvement,False,"of cognitive processes , researchers suggest that regular practice has a significant influence on improving the performance related to basic visual skills ( Li , Polat , Scalzo , & Bavelier , 2010 ) ; on the ability to perceive objects simultaneously ( Dye & Bavelier , 2010 ; Feng , Spence , & Pratt , 2007 ) ; and on the ability to do more than one task at the same time ( Boot , Kramer , Simons , Fabiani , & Gratton , 2008 ) ."
"This system can also be used longitudinally to study how the workforce’s workforce ’s composition changes over time , which is particularly valuable for evaluating the effectiveness of policies",meant,False,to broaden participation or improve retention of faculty .
"Thus , when ACPeds issued a statement condemning gender reassignment surgery in 2016 [ 21 ] , many people mistook the organization’s organization ’s political beliefs for the consensus view among United States pediatricians — although the peak body for pediatric",workers,False,", the American Academy of Pediatrics , has a much more positive view of gender dysphoria [ 22 ] ."
If academics with expertise in relevant fields have difficulty assessing whether particular journals or particular,publishers,False,"are legitimate , one cannot can not reasonably expect ordinary people to make such judgments ."
"In support of the second claim , we show that Huh ? meets the criteria of a word in the sense of being a conventional lexical sign which must be",learnt,False,.
These operators,reproduce,False,programming errors that are litely to occur during the development of this type of applications .
"Daniel was a son of Johann Bernoulli ( one of the "" early",developers,False,""" of calculus ) and a nephew of Jacob Bernoulli ( who "" was the first to discover the theory of probability "" ) ."
