"This data set has shed considerable light on dramatic inequalities in faculty training ,",placement,True,", and scholarly productivity [ 6 , 19 , 20 ] ."
"The system is capable of collecting census data for an entire academic field in just a few hours using off-the-shelf computing hardware , a vast",improvement,True,over the roughly 1600 hours required to do this task by hand [ 19 ] .
"Finally , applied to many academic fields in parallel , the system can elucidate scientists’ scientists ’",movement,True,between different disciplines and relate those labor flows to scientific advances .
"Whether due to this behavior or not , Jeffrey Beall decided to add the",publisher,True,to his influential ( but now sadly unavailable ) list of questionable journals [ 26 ] .
"Cognitive games involve a number of different games working aspects of human cognition , while proposing the intersection between the sets of concepts , fun and cognition , for the",improvement,True,of cognitive functions .
With respect to the contributions of digital games to,improvement,True,"of cognitive processes , researchers suggest that regular practice has a significant influence on improving the performance related to basic visual skills ( Li , Polat , Scalzo , & Bavelier , 2010 ) ; on the ability to perceive objects simultaneously ( Dye & Bavelier , 2010 ; Feng , Spence , & Pratt , 2007 ) ; and on the ability to do more than one task at the same time ( Boot , Kramer , Simons , Fabiani , & Gratton , 2008 ) ."
"Considering the importance of the proper functioning of attention , because of its",involvement,True,"in the regulation of thoughts and emotions , maintaining the performance of this process is very important , especially in school , where the child must acquire content in an environment full of countless distractors ."
"The games have features like increasing challenges , rules that establish what can and cannot can not be done , and",involvement,True,"of the player in the quest to gain skills and win the game ( Kirriemuir & McFarlane , 2004 ; Prensky , 2005 ) ."
"We aim to investigate the contributions of the use of a system that integrates cognitive digital games to a database , of the Escola do Cérebro , for monitoring and",improvement,True,"of cognitive skills , highlighting the attention ."
The application allows visualization of the player's,player,True,'s performance and offers the possibility of monitoring by teachers .
The result indicates significant,improvement,True,"in the performance of the sustained attention in the test , as well as a high dispersion , which reveals a variation in relation to the performance ."
"The teachers observed changes after the intervention , emphasizing the greater persistence and",involvement,True,"in school activities , and in some students , improvement in the ability to sustain attention ."
"From this , we conclude that an intervention based on cognitive digital games offers contributions to the learning process and",improvement,True,of sustained attention .
After,speaker,True,"G makes a statement , speaker E utters the interjection huh ? ."
repair is initiated not by the,speaker,True,"of the first turn but by the other participant ( “ other-initiated ” ) , and the repair initiator signals that there is a problem , but it leaves open what the problem is ( “ open ” ) [ 11 ] ."
These operators reproduce programming errors that are litely to occur during the,development,True,of this type of applications .
"As a previous step to designing the mutation operators , we analyzed the main technologies used specifically in the",development,True,"of GIS , and we identified typical errors a programmer can introduce during the development ."
"As future work , we intend to extend this approach to other domains , as well as to use the developed operators for the automatic",improvement,True,of sets of test cases .
The current study will contribute to the,development,True,of further qualitative and quantitative research that will more clearly define the information behaviors of the transmedia fan .
"Born in Tianjin with ancestry in Changzhou , Jiangsu province , Chao went to the United States with a Boxer Indemnity Scholarship in 1910 to study mathematics and physics at Cornell University , where he was a classmate and lifelong friend of Hu Shih , the",leader,True,of the New Culture Movement .
Career,development,True,and later life
"A commercial event , for instance , crucially involved elements such as a seller , a",buyer,True,", some good , and some money ."
"According to frame semantics , meaning is best studied in terms of the mental concepts and participants in the minds of the",speaker,True,and addressee .
"The plots were thin , there was little",development,True,"of character and they were loaded down by excessive sentiment , especially when compared to what she was writing concurrently in her diary ."
"In 2005 , Holt was named defensive",player,True,"of the year in District 6-4A , [ 3 ] and he earned all-district honors in 2006 , his senior year . [ 4 ]"
"On September 4 , against the Houston Astros , Holt became only the second Pirates",player,True,since 1900 to have a four-hit game within his first four career games in the majors .
The only other Pirates,player,True,"to have a four-hit game so early in his career was Jack Merson , who went 4-for-5 in his second major league game on September 15 , 1951 . [ 11 ]"
Unfortunately for the would-be,leader,True,", Pachomius recovered , and upon hearing of Theodorus’ Theodorus ’ decision , exiled the ambitious young man ."
Although it seems Theodorus practiced complete submission to the new,leader,True,"of the Koinonia , problems soon arose in several Pachomian monasteries that viewed Horsiesios as a weak leader ."
Refusing to work or communicate and demanding a new,leader,True,", many of the elder monks completely abandoned any notion of obedience to Horsiesios ."
"Soon after his arrival , Theodorus was the new de facto",leader,True,", though he claimed to be only acting on behalf of Horsiesios ."
"The viewing experience of art is a complex one ,",involving,False,"issues of perception , attention , memory , decision-making , affect , and emotion ."
This paper describes a collaborative pilot project,focusing,False,on a unique collection of 17th Century Zurbarán paintings .
We will discuss the potential implications of these techniques and our,understanding,False,of visual behaviours on museum and gallery practice .
"Importantly ,",studying,False,"eye movements offers an insight that does not depend on the participants’ participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork ."
"Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of",studying,False,"several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of,studying,False,"several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
How do people,look,False,at and experience art ?
Which elements of specific artworks do they,focus,False,on ?
Do museum labels have an impact on how people,look,False,at artworks ?
"While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no",work,False,has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes .
The purpose of this pilot,study,False,was to assess the effects of different written interpretation on the visual exploration of artworks .
Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we,understand,False,"visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
While studies of the psychology of art have,focused,False,"on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes ."
"When regarding an artwork , a viewer gathers information through a series fixations , interspersed by rapid movements of the eye",called,False,saccades .
"Because assembling such a full census is difficult , past studies have tended to avoid this task and have instead used samples of researchers [ 8 – 11 ] , usually specific to a particular field [ 12 – 16 ] , and often",focused,False,"on the scientific elite [ 17 , 18 ] ."
"Given that need , we have",developed,False,"software , based on Natural Language Processing , that automatically identifies enjambment in Spanish , and applied it to a corpus of approx. 3750 sonnets by ca. 1000 authors , from the 15th to the 19th century ."
"First , the literature shows a debate about which specific syntactic units can be",considered,False,"to trigger enjambment , if split across two lines , and whether lexical and syntactic criteria are sufficient to identify enjambment ."
"Then , our corpus and system are described ,",followed,False,by an evaluation of the system .
This paper,describes,False,a collaborative pilot project focusing on a unique collection of 17th Century Zurbarán paintings .
While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual,works,False,"and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes ."
The project,brings,False,"together established research strengths in Spanish art history , experimental psychology , digital humanities , and museum studies to explore , using eye-tracking techniques , aesthetic reactions to digital representations of the individual Zurbarán artworks as well as the significance of the collection as a whole ."
Our experience of art,develops,False,from the interaction of several cognitive and affective processes ; the beginning of which is a visual scan of the artwork .
"Importantly , studying eye movements",offers,False,"an insight that does not depend on the participants’ participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork ."
"Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time",offers,False,"a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
Do museum labels have an impact on,how,False,people look at artworks ?
"Thus , the time",it,False,"takes and the ways of visually exploring an artwork can inform about its relevance , interestingness , and even its aesthetic appeal ."
Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman,et,False,"al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
"In this study we used eye-tracking in the first stage of exploring audience experience of the extensive Spanish art collections of County Durham , of which the 13 Zurbarán artworks ( there are actually only 12 Zurbarán artworks , the 13th Benjamin , is a copy by Arthur Pond ) are a key part of , to investigate the ways in which audiences look at Spanish art ,",how,False,aesthetic experience is evaluated and whether audiences can be encouraged to approach art in different ways .
This pilot project primarily investigated,how,False,"participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
"Measuring the composition and dynamics of a scientific workforce , particularly in a rapidly expanding field like computer science , is a crucial first step toward understanding",how,False,scholarly research is conducted and how it might be enhanced .
"In this paper , we report upon the novel insights eye-tracking techniques have",provided,False,into the unconscious processes of viewing the unique collection of Zurbarán artworks .
"As an example , research shows that greater diversity within a community or group can lead to",improved,False,"critical thinking [ 1 ] and more creative solutions to complex tasks [ 2 , 3 ] by pairing together individuals with unique skillsets and perspectives that complement and often augment the abilities of their peers ."
"Here , we present a novel system ,",based,False,"on a topical web crawler , that can quickly and automatically assemble a full census of an academic field using digital data available on the public World Wide Web ."
"The system is capable of collecting census data for an entire academic field in just a few hours using off-the-shelf computing hardware , a vast improvement over the roughly 1600 hours",required,False,to do this task by hand [ 19 ] .
"Enjambment takes place when a syntactic unit is broken up across two lines of poetry ( Domínguez Caparrós , 2000 : 103 ) , giving rise to different stylistic effects ( e.g.",increased,False,"emphasis on elements of the broken-up phrase , or contrast between those elements ) , or creating double interpretations for the enjambed lines ( García-Paje , 1991 ) ."
"In Spanish poetry , the syntactic configurations under which enjambment takes place have been",described,False,"extensively , and detailed studies on the use of enjambment by individual authors exist ( see Martínez Cantón , 2011 for an overview ) including , among others Quilis ( 1964 ) , Domínguez Caparrós , ( 2000 ) , Paraíso , ( 2000 ) , Spang ( 1983 ) for a description of enjambment , and Alarcos ( 1966 ) , Senabre ( 1982 ) , Luján ( 2006 ) , Martínez Fernández ( 2010 ) for case-studies on a single author ."
"This system can also be used longitudinally to study how the workforce’s workforce ’s composition changes over time , which is particularly valuable for evaluating the effectiveness of policies",meant,False,to broaden participation or improve retention of faculty .
"Thus , when ACPeds issued a statement condemning gender reassignment surgery in 2016 [ 21 ] , many people mistook the organization’s organization ’s political beliefs for the consensus view among United States pediatricians — although the peak body for pediatric",workers,False,", the American Academy of Pediatrics , has a much more positive view of gender dysphoria [ 22 ] ."
If academics with expertise in relevant fields have difficulty assessing whether particular journals or particular,publishers,False,"are legitimate , one cannot can not reasonably expect ordinary people to make such judgments ."
"In support of the second claim , we show that Huh ? meets the criteria of a word in the sense of being a conventional lexical sign which must be",learnt,False,.
These operators,reproduce,False,programming errors that are litely to occur during the development of this type of applications .
"Daniel was a son of Johann Bernoulli ( one of the "" early",developers,False,""" of calculus ) and a nephew of Jacob Bernoulli ( who "" was the first to discover the theory of probability "" ) ."
