,The latter option may,allow,True,for easier revision .
,"The largest of the trainers , this addition will",allow,True,visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .
,Make sure there are holes in the center of the base of each pot to,allow,True,for good drainage .
,Using CFLs will,allow,True,people to decrease their energy consumption ; also it is a good start to decrease greenhouse emissions .
,"Around 4 July 1831 , Poisson declared Galois' Galois ' work "" incomprehensible "" , declaring that "" [ Galois' Galois ' ] argument is neither sufficiently clear nor sufficiently developed to",allow,True,"us to judge its rigor "" ; however , the rejection report ends on an encouraging note : "" We would then suggest that the author should publish the whole of his work in order to form a definitive opinion . "" [ 16 ]"
,"On June 8 , 2014 , in order to",allow,True,"Xander Bogaerts to play 3rd base , Holt moved to left field ."
,""" To have a business",allow,True,that type of filth to be purveyed through their website or through their system is something that they say they can't ca n't handle .
,There are several campsites that,allow,True,tourists to barbeque on the beach with beautiful mountain views in the background .
,Respondents were,allowed,True,to choose one response from 11 categories .
,Visitors will not be,allowed,True,in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum .
,"First , our experimental subjects lived in a large enclosure under conditions that",allowed,True,them to exercise all day long .
,"In Carrano & Biewener's Biewener 's study , experimental chickens were housed individually in smaller cages and were only",allowed,True,"to exercise 20 minutes per day , 3 days per week , from the 6th to the 12th week ."
,"After living a life of constant weeping and prayer in solitude , Pachomius forgave Theodorus and",allowed,True,him to live among the brothers once more .
,The Enemy cannot can not be,allowed,True,to advance any further .
,Our advertising revenue funds community meetups and has even,allowed,True,"us to donate over $ 60,000 to charities such as the Wikimedia Foundation and Creative Commons ."
,"At a polling station in Taikoo of the Hong Kong Island constituency , after the polls closed at 22:30 , with the long queues outside the station the last ballot there was cast at 2:30 the next day , four hours after the last person was",allowed,True,to join the queue .
,"Thus , our study seems to have generated a more gradual and less pronounced change in the moment of inertia produced by the artificial tail ,",allowing,True,experimental subjects to adjust to the posterior mass by adopting a more vertical position of the femur while standing .
,Implementing a Tax System that,allows,True,"working Americans making under $ 250,000 to keep all of their money ."
,When ACPeds,allows,True,"or encourages the impression that it speaks for the profession , it introduces an epistemic pollutant ."
,The application,allows,True,visualization of the player's player 's performance and offers the possibility of monitoring by teachers .
,Reflection,allows,True,"us to obtain the list of classes and methods of the SUT , so the user can decide the methods to wish the operators will be applied ."
,This application,allows,True,registering places of interest for the user .
,"Many neo-pagan religions , such as Wicca , use aspects of ancient Greek religions in their practice ; Hellenic polytheism instead focuses exclusively on the ancient religions , as far as the fragmentary nature of the surviving source material",allows,True,.
,"First , specialization in a particular small job",allows,True,workers to focus on the parts of the production process where they have an advantage .
,"Third , specialization",allows,True,"businesses to take advantage of economies of scale , which means that for many goods , as the level of production increases , the average cost of producing each individual unit declines ."
