,"Cyclone Phailin has winds that have been measured at 200 km / h , as it surges over land will it",begin,True,to lose strength ?
,Once Cyclone Phailin comes on shore it will immediately,begin,True,to lose strength .
,"Upon waking each morning , you",begin,True,thinking — contemplating the tasks that you must complete that day .
,We,begin,True,by detailing the design and implementation of our web crawler framework .
,Why did you,begin,True,to write ?
,And let there be no misunderstanding : We are going to,begin,True,"to act , beginning today ."
,Fort Lee is known and named for the story of how General George Washington was forced to evacuate the area in November of 1776 and,begin,True,"his famous retreat through New Jersey during the winter of 1776-77 in the protection of "" Fort Lee "" ."
,This isn't is n't meant to,begin,True,"a conflict , but to gauge their rivalries , annoyances and enmities ."
,"Once a storm moves over any appreciably sized piece of land , the moisture source is removed and the storm",begins,True,to dissipate .
,The current study,begins,True,to address this gap through narrative and systematic reviews .
,"The first chapter of “ Cognitive Linguistics ” by Cruse and Croft ( 2004 ) , for instance ,",begins,True,with a summary of Fillmore's Fillmore 's work .
,"This theory , along with other theories of correspondence in translating , are elaborated in his essay Principles of Correspondence , where Nida",begins,True,"by asserting that given that "" no two languages are identical , either in the meanings given to corresponding symbols or in the ways in which symbols are arranged in phrases and sentences , it stands to reason that there can be no absolute correspondence between languages ."
,1 Christian’s Christian ’s story,begins,True,"just before Easter , like Dante’s Dante ’s Divine Comedy ."
,New Zealand,begins,True,process to consider changing national flag design
,The Osage Trail is a rails-to-trails route that,begins,True,at the OSU - Tulsa campus and travels north 15 miles to Skiatook .
