,"No doubt his decisions were perfectly logical in his own eyes — even the one that prompted him , a patriotic islander , to",bring,True,"me a tutor from Bain : Master Lunre , an Olondrian ."
,"and she was always really shy to show that off to people , and I wanted to help her show that stuff , and I wanted to",bring,True,it out to the world .
,To,bring,True,"a little more light to the world is what I want , out of all of this ."
,We just want to be able to,bring,True,", like she said , bring light into the entertainment and into the media industry , specifically is what we do ."
,"The evidence of President Trump's Trump 's abuse of power and attempt to solicit foreign interference in the 2020 elections is clear enough that Republican Senators cannot can not deny and have not denied the facts , yet they cannot can not",bring,True,themselves to confront this President and are choosing party over country .
,I would like to,bring,True,People from the heartland of America that make this nation work .
,It was in the spectral summer when the moon shone down on the old garden where I wandered ; the spectral summer of narcotic flowers and humid seas of foliage that,bring,True,wild and many-coloured dreams .
,"Now stretch out on the couch , and I’ll I ’ll",bring,True,you coffee and rub your feet . ”
,This process of synoikismos –,bringing,True,"together in one home – created the largest and wealthiest state on the Greek mainland , but it also created a larger class of people excluded from political life by the nobility ."
,Junction and nexus proved valuable in,bringing,True,the concept of context to the forefront of the attention of the world of linguistics .
,"For example , universities have a financial incentive to inflate the expertise of their academic staff , thereby increasing their rankings ,",bringing,True,"in grant money , and attracting students ."
,Marbles has also professionalized her business affairs by expanding her business and,bringing,True,"in people to help , including , a personal assistant , a business manager , and her mother ( the chief executive officer ) . [ 8 ]"
,"Genesis brought back a sample from the Sun almost two years ago , but Stardust is also",bringing,True,back the first solid samples from the local interstellar medium —
,Albania is working to strengthen the democratic institutions and capacities of its central and local government with a view to,bringing,True,"its legislation and conditions into line with European Union standards , progressively achieving concrete and measurable results , as previously defined ."
,The project,brings,True,"together established research strengths in Spanish art history , experimental psychology , digital humanities , and museum studies to explore , using eye-tracking techniques , aesthetic reactions to digital representations of the individual Zurbarán artworks as well as the significance of the collection as a whole ."
,Nida,brings,True,"in the reminder that while there are no such things as "" identical equivalents "" in translating , what one must in translating seek to do is find the "" closest natural equivalent "" ."
,Paralympic sport,brings,True,attention to athletes who are typically overlooked in American society because the majority of the population does not want to identify with people who are disabled .
,"By "" sample return "" of course I mean a mission that",brings,True,back extraterrestrial material .
,This,brings,True,out quinoa's quinoa 's nutty flavor .
