,"And so she went home and , I was like , I'll I 'll",call,True,"you when I get home , and then you come over ."
,I'll I 'll have Melanie,call,True,you .
,Her mom,call,True,"you ,"
,"Right , Melanie will",call,True,me to confirm your lie .
,But I'm I 'm supposed to,call,True,Melanie's Melanie 's mom .
,They,call,True,"for "" urgent implementation of mandatory iodisation of all edible salt in Australia . """
,After voting to refuse to hear evidence and,call,True,"witnesses with pertinent information , nearly all Republican Senators have already announced that they will vote against the articles ."
,"For lymphoscintigraphies we basically inject technetium in skin surrounding a melanoma and after we inject we wait about 15 - 20 minutes , maybe up to an hour , and wait for that radio tracer to travel to the closest lymph node which we would",call,True,the sentinel lymph node .
,"When I was a little girl , he did that often , and",called,True,me Muscles .
,He had not,called,True,me Muscles or put his hand on my head for a long time .
,Tropical cyclones are sustained by a form of energy,called,True,"latent heat , which is released by moisture evaporated from the ocean that condenses to form rain ."
,"We were coming with comics , like , left and right , we were coming up with things like Karis , in high school she came up with that one , I came up with an individual story",called,True,"Thad's Thad 's World Destruction and , she wanted to illustrate it , and so , that's that 's the way we ended up doing it ."
,"We held hearings ,",called,True,"witnesses , and subpoenaed documents ."
,The different files stored in the file cabinet are,called,True,concepts .
,"Or your prototype could be Mohandas Gandhi , sometimes",called,True,Mahatma Gandhi ( “ Mahatma ” is an honorific title ) ( Figure 7.3 ) .
,Some jokes also have what is,called,True,"a tag or topper , which is an additional punchline ."
,"Though some considered him insane or eccentric , citizens of San Francisco celebrated his regal presence and his proclamations , such as his order that the United States Congress be dissolved by force and his numerous decrees",calling,True,"for a bridge connecting San Francisco to Oakland , and a corresponding tunnel to be built under San Francisco Bay ."
,"WHEREAS , a body of men",calling,True,"themselves the National Congress are now in session in Washington City , in violation of our Imperial edict of the 12th of October last , declaring the said Congress abolished ;"
,"Moreau ultimately lost interest in school at age 16 , and after attending a performance of Jean Anouilh's Anouilh 's Antigone , found her",calling,True,as an actor .
,“ Your secretary’s secretary ’s,calling,True,", and you need me to answer it ?"
,After,calling,True,"the Scientology organization by phone to attempt to speak with his mother , Montalvo was instead put through to a Scientology attorney , Kendrick Moxon ."
,This is referred to in the emblem and when you hear the dwellers of Łódź ( łodzianin ( man ) łodzianka ( woman ) łodzianie ( plural ) ),calling,True,"themselves "" the boat people "" ."
,The report has prompted,calls,True,for all edible salt to be iodised .
,He says authorities are reacting slowly to his urgent,calls,True,for mandatory iodised salt .
,The words chosen for this oath recognize that when our Constitution,calls,True,"Senators to try impeachment , it calls them away from their role as partisans ."
,""" MP",calls,True,"for probe into misplaced documents "" — Edmonton Sun , August 16 , 2008"
,"To differentiate these cases from enjambment proper , Spang",calls,True,"these cases "" enlace "" , translated here as "" expansion "" ."
,One indication of the importance of replication is found in the 50 or more,calls,True,"for replication research in the field of second language ( L2 ) research alone ( see references for 50 calls and commentaries in Appendix S1 in the Supporting Information online ) : from Santos ( 1989 ) through Polio and Gass 1997 to very recent proposals for specific replication studies , such as Vandergrift and Cross 2017 and even a book-length treatment ( Porte , 2012 ) ."
,Beyond these,calls,True,", efforts to actively promote and facilitate replication studies have also emerged ."
,The driving force behind this battery of,calls,True,", commentaries , infrastructure , and metascience is a perceived crisis in the state of replication research ."
,"But like most adults , when he grew older he could only",recall,True,the intensity of that love in childhood in an abstract way .
,"This needs more discussion obviously : we chose public domain because the texts we use are public domain and we didn't did n't want to add new restrictions , especially not non-commercial , since already our recordings are being used for a number of commercialish projects ( I can't ca n't",recall,True,"any specific project names , but some pay-education sites use LV stuff ) ."
