,It is an oath rooted in the Revolution fought by their grandparents to,create,True,"a republic of laws , not kings ."
,The brain then processes this information and uses the relevant pieces to,create,True,"thoughts , which can then be expressed through language or stored in memory for future use ."
,"When this failed , they appointed Solon , with a mandate to",create,True,a new constitution ( 594 ) .
,We encourage the newly empowered authorities to,create,True,"a constitutional framework based on democracy and human rights , in order to fulfil their mandate for democratic change responsibly and peacefully ."
,"They can cause property damage ,",create,True,"a mess , and produce unpleasant smells ."
,This is exploited by the wing of an aeroplane which is designed to,create,True,an area above its surface where the air velocity increases .
,What inspired you to,create,True,a cocktail after the santorum neologism ?
,"Santorum the person has been in the news throughout the primary season , and we thought it would be interesting to try to",create,True,"a delicious drink that mimicked the appearance of the Dan Savage meaning of "" santorum . """
,It is the oath,created,True,by Senators when they tried the first impeachment of a President in 1868 .
,This process of synoikismos – bringing together in one home –,created,True,"the largest and wealthiest state on the Greek mainland , but it also created a larger class of people excluded from political life by the nobility ."
,"On June 17 , 1950 , Busuanga was officially",created,True,"as a separate municipality from Coron and in 1954 , Coron was further reduced by the official creation of the Municipality of Linapacan ."
,"First , age is a continuous measure",created,True,by subtracting the year of the respondents' respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) from the year of the interview at Wave 4 .
,5. Atoms are neither,created,True,"nor destroyed during a chemical change , but are instead rearranged to yield substances that are different from those present before the change ( Figure 2.4 ) ."
,And if atoms are neither,created,True,"nor destroyed during a chemical change , then the total mass of matter present when matter changes from one type to another will remain constant ( the law of conservation of matter ) ."
,This violates Dalton’s Dalton ’s postulate that atoms are neither,created,True,"nor destroyed during a chemical change , but are merely redistributed ."
,Atoms are neither,created,True,"nor destroyed , but are redistributed in small , whole-number ratios ."
,"My hope is that over time , internet users will demand this of any site where they invest their time in a way that",creates,True,value for others .
,"We continue to depend on this same virtuous cycle : More readers , means more editors , which",creates,True,"better instructions , leading again to more readers ."
,Watch as the chemical compound,creates,True,a colorful glow .
,The reaction that the luminol and hydrogen peroxide,creates,True,doesn't does n't last long at all -- maybe a couple of minutes .
,"Enjambment takes place when a syntactic unit is broken up across two lines of poetry ( Domínguez Caparrós , 2000 : 103 ) , giving rise to different stylistic effects ( e.g. increased emphasis on elements of the broken-up phrase , or contrast between those elements ) , or",creating,True,"double interpretations for the enjambed lines ( García-Paje , 1991 ) ."
,"They have other functions , and these functions may come into conflict ,",creating,True,pressures to inflate credentials .
,By,creating,True,"a Geofence with an erroneous location from its central location , the device will receive incorrect location notifications ."
,"Continually moving southward , the settlers eventually populated both North and South America ,",creating,True,unique cultures that ranged from the highly complex and urban Aztec civilization in what is now Mexico City to the woodland tribes of eastern North America .
,Arrogant people counteract this by,creating,True,"an atmosphere that revolves around them , and get angry if they 're reminded of the real world ."
,They compensate for this by,creating,True,"the impression that they have a lot of friends - they have a ' quantity , not quality ' mentality ."
,The most famous method of working to strict time controls ( known as time-boxing ) involves,creating,True,a list of tasks .
