,Therefore both institutes joined forces to,develop,True,a set of clinics on DH for librarians .
,""" If an infant's infant 's not getting enough iodine ... brain development won't wo n't be completed and they won't wo n't grow normally , and as you get older the problem will be that you will",develop,True,"a goiter and your thyroid won't wo n't function as well as it should , so that may have all sorts of pernicious effects upon normal function in life . """
,Ličen has recently joined the Sport Management Program at Washington State University to,develop,True,its sport media and communication research and teaching contents .
,"Internationally , the situation with COVID-19 continues to",develop,True,at pace .
,"With this agricultural revolution , and the more abundant and reliable food supplies it brought , populations grew and people were able to",develop,True,"a more settled way of life , building permanent settlements ."
,Large-scale agriculture and the resultant abundance of food allowed time for people to,develop,True,special trades and skills other than farming .
,"( In later chapters , we will",develop,True,this idea by discussing comparative advantage . )
,"Dancing ballet is extremely popular throughout the world , and studying ballet can help",develop,True,"strong bodies , spatial and temporal awareness , and improve coordination ."
,Gloria,developed,True,severe eczema at the age of four months and the parents were advised to send the child to a skin specialist .
,There shouldn't should n't be anyone suffering from iodine deficiency in a,developed,True,"country like Australia . """
,"In order to organize this staggering amount of information , the brain has",developed,True,a file cabinet of sorts in the mind .
,Another technique used by your brain to organize information is the identification of prototypes for the concepts you have,developed,True,.
,"In The Philosophy of Grammar ( 1924 ) he challenged the accepted views of common concepts in Grammar and proposed corrections to the basic definitions of grammatical case , pronoun , object , voice etc. , and",developed,True,further his notions of Rank and Nexus .
,"Given that need , we have",developed,True,"software , based on Natural Language Processing , that automatically identifies enjambment in Spanish , and applied it to a corpus of approx. 3750 sonnets by ca. 1000 authors , from the 15th to the 19th century ."
,"As future work , we intend to extend this approach to other domains , as well as to use the",developed,True,operators for the automatic improvement of sets of test cases .
,"Over time , construction grammar",developed,True,"into a research area of its own , and a number of variants have been proposed over the years by different researchers ."
,"Daniel was a son of Johann Bernoulli ( one of the "" early",developers,True,""" of calculus ) and a nephew of Jacob Bernoulli ( who "" was the first to discover the theory of probability "" ) ."
,Web,developers,True,face big problems with IE6 .
,Utilization of busted CFL in,developing,True,cheap and efficient segmented compact LED bulbs
,"In response to the said problem , this project study gives solution to the problem of the society concerning environment , health and safety as well energy conservation , by",developing,True,"a segmented compact light-emitting diode ( SCLED ) bulb from busted CFL that are efficient , economical , and does not contain toxic chemicals ."
,This work aimed at,developing,True,"a complete theory of grammar that would fully acknowledge the role of semantics right from the start , while simultaneously adopting constraint-based formalisms as popular in computer science and natural language processing ."
,But she was,developing,True,rapidly .
,"It remains unclear what might explain such gains , which have been attributed to motivation and to L2 experience during the period of ostensibly limited exposure [ 24 ] , or to factors related to general maturation , cognitive",development,True,", or continued academic training [ 18 ] ."
,"We are not setting out to turn them into programmers or data crunchers , but want to boost their knowledge level to where they feel comfortable providing information about DH projects , follow the literature and research , follow online tutorials and hopefully take up the challenge of finishing this professional",development,True,by engaging with the DH community .
,"So if we go to the pregnant woman , she doesn't does n't get enough iodine , she won't wo n't make enough thyroid hormone , and the foetus won't wo n't get the amount of thyroid hormone it needs for adequate and proper",development,True,"of the brain , so you'll you 'll then see consequences being loss of IQ , learning difficulties , hearing difficulties and other neurological problems , "" Professor Eastman said ."
,""" If an infant's infant 's not getting enough iodine ... brain",development,True,"won't wo n't be completed and they won't wo n't grow normally , and as you get older the problem will be that you will develop a goiter and your thyroid won't wo n't function as well as it should , so that may have all sorts of pernicious effects upon normal function in life . """
,"In psychology , for example , Piaget’s Piaget ’s stages of",development,True,are abstract concepts .
,"The 20th century however , marked the rapid",development,True,of Athens .
,The city also expanded outward through rash,development,True,", particularly towards the west , as its population grew by absorbing job-seekers from the provinces ."
,"His early work focused primarily on language teaching reform and on phonetics , but he is best known for his later work on syntax and on language",development,True,.
,Your brain analyzes these details and,develops,True,an overall understanding of American history .
,Our experience of art,develops,True,from the interaction of several cognitive and affective processes ; the beginning of which is a visual scan of the artwork .
