,people of a specific ethnic or racial group won’t wo n’t,enjoy,True,jokes making fun of their group ;
,"In fact , many , if not all , the markers of expertise identified by philosophers",enjoy,True,widespread recognition .
,"Something a little lighter this week , I hope you",enjoy,True,it .
,We were just trying to come up with a topical and funny new cocktail for our customers to laugh about and,enjoy,True,.
,You have to have very good teachers in mathematics if you really want to,enjoy,True,and to succeed in it .
,People flock to see the lantern scenes and,enjoy,True,"the festival atmosphere as they carry lanterns , given away by the city and bought from street vendors at the event ."
,"Cynthia Thompson , curator and director of exhibits at the University of Arkansas , Fayetteville , said , "" These images serve as documentation of people in his every day life and art - one which many of us",enjoy,True,"a glimpse into . """
,We have two chairs where we can sit down and sort of,enjoy,True,"the weather when it is a little bit better , um but now it's it 's really cold so just gonna gon na close it ."
,It is the same virtuous circle that Wikipedia has,enjoyed,True,.
,"Since the fall of communism in Poland , Łódź has not",enjoyed,True,"the rapid economic growth cities like Kraków , Warsaw and Wrocław have experienced , and has had to endure the fall of much of its textile industry , rising unemployment and emigration ( within Poland and abroad ) ."
,From the later 1800s to the 1920s Mérida,enjoyed,True,"prosperous boom times fueled by the henequen or sisal plant harvest , which made Yucatán the rope maker to the world ."
,"Winter is definitely low season , with the occasional rainy or snowy day , but also an ideal time to save money while",enjoying,True,the city without countless other travelers and tourists .
,Regular tourists who renew their 30 day visa are eligible to depart the country ( to any destination ) and return immediately,enjoying,True,a further 60 days ( 30 days plus a 30 day extension ) .
,The city,enjoys,True,a temperate climate and regular seasons .
