,"Then we stood , unable to",keep,True,"from staring at the stranger , who faced us awkwardly , half-smiling , taller than any man there ."
,Who stood up for the values our Founders charged us to,keep,True,?
,You use concepts to see the relationships among the different elements of your experiences and to,keep,True,the information in your mind organized and accessible .
,"So hopefully you guys find it somewhat interesting , and if you do I'll I 'll",keep,True,doing it .
,You can write your jokes down on index cards to,keep,True,them handy or use a document file on your computer . [ 1 ]
,This will help,keep,True,them from twisting up during the wash .
,Use twist ties to,keep,True,the straps fastened .
,"Implementing a Tax System that allows working Americans making under $ 250,000 to",keep,True,all of their money .
,My shoes were white and I was concentrating on,keeping,True,them out of the mud .
,"Barracuda and Kayangan lakes are both stunning locations , and good for snorkeling , and the island is the ancestral domain of an indigenous tribe who are managing the island in a sustainable way and",keeping,True,outsiders at a distance and offshore at night .
,Me and a studymate were,keeping,True,"a lot of animals during our studies , from beetles , to butterflies and mantids , to ants ."
,"At every step , the Government has taken decisions in the interests of health and safety of the wider public , and so far we have been among the best at",keeping,True,COVID-19 at bay .
,These restrictions have played a key role in,keeping,True,COVID-19 out of New Zealand for so long and have given us time to better understand the disease and ramp up our preparations .
,"You could also keep adjusting your shirt or your hair ,",keeping,True,a running dialogue about what look is best for you .
,"I don’t do n’t dream about Renata , although when the dreams wake me up , it’s it ’s thinking about Renata that",keeps,True,me awake .
,"“ On the other hand , ” I said , “ he’s he ’s the first super we’ve we ’ve had who",keeps,True,"the boiler , the door buzzers , and the electrical system in perfect working order . ”"
,It,keeps,True,changing between narrative and email .
,Those who do work are denied a fair return for their labor by a tax system which penalizes successful achievement and,keeps,True,us from maintaining full productivity .
,I'm I 'm thinking that maybe Dose of Colors and Urban Decay have the shelf life printed on those boxes but who,keeps,True,their lipsticks in a box ?
