,Next time if I,leave,True,"in the morning , I'll I 'll wake you up ."
,The main reason attributed for the pollution of Athens is because the city is enclosed by mountains in a basin which does not let the smog,leave,True,.
,"Depending on the adjusters , you may be able to",leave,True,them a little loose too .
,"But shortfalls in payment of his salary , along with increasing recognition in Europe and an onset of homesickness , led him to",leave,True,the United States and return to Bohemia in 1895 .
,"He ministered for a short time among the Tarahumara Indians in Chihuahua , Mexico , until health problems due to an inadequate diet and the high altitude forced him to",leave,True,.
,The death of Petronios later that year would,leave,True,"Apa Horsiesios in charge , and the popular Theodorus would retreat to the distant monastery of Phnoum ."
,Santa had said he needed to,leave,True,at eight .
,""" Get out of here "" meant to make someone",leave,True,.
,"repair is initiated not by the speaker of the first turn but by the other participant ( “ other-initiated ” ) , and the repair initiator signals that there is a problem , but it",leaves,True,open what the problem is ( “ open ” ) [ 11 ] .
,That,leaves,True,me with thirteen .
,"We slipped out feet over the sides and when we felt the fish , some as big as logs , some as small as",leaves,True,", nibble at our feet , we leant over to watch them fraying and frolicking under the choppy surface ."
,"There are perennial basils which come back year after year , like African Blue Basil ( which has pretty blue veins on its",leaves,True,") and Thai Basil , while most other varieties are annuals , which you'll you 'll have to plant year after year ."
,When the plants become a few inches tall and their,leaves,True,"mature , it's it 's time to transplant them to a larger container ."
,Once two sets of,leaves,True,"have formed , basil can be planted into the garden or permanent containers ."
,"When you see flower buds , pinch them and two pairs of",leaves,True,under them off .
,Flowers blooming create a hormone change which dramatically reduces the flavor of the,leaves,True,", as well as reducing the amount of foliage which grows ."
,"Mom I'm I 'm awake now , I'm I 'm",leaving,True,.
,"The parents are also accused of putting their social life ahead of their child , taking her on a trip to India and",leaving,True,"her to servants while embarking on a busy social schedule , and giving her homeopathic drops instead of using the prescription creams they had been given ."
,"Although it had a prestigious past , the city's city 's political , economic , and cultural importance had declined over the centuries ,",leaving,True,behind only its classical ruins as a reminder of better times .
,"However , a systematic metascience on replication research has not yet been established in the field of L2 research ,",leaving,True,a poor understanding of the actual number and nature of replication studies that have been published .
,"He went to St. Petersburg in 1724 as professor of mathematics , but was very unhappy there , and a temporary illness in 1733 gave him an excuse for",leaving,True,St. Petersburg .
,"Daniel Montalvo , 19 , a member of Scientology all his life , was arrested after",leaving,True,its elite group the Sea Org .
,Montalvo was charged with taking hard drives and a zip drive from the Scientology organization after,leaving,True,the Sea Org group .
,You will run into significant difficulties if you do not have enough cash to pay this tax when,leaving,True,the country .
