,I,mean,True,that's that 's the thing I thought of too .
,In the,mean,True,"time , much stronger friction over land quickly reduces their strength ."
,the participant group had,mean,True,"and standard deviation 60.23 ( 64.75 ) respectively , while the control group was 20.00 ( 42.65 ) ."
,"Nonetheless , this does not",mean,True,"that tail reduction had no effect on CoM displacement , but that it was not the most important factor ."
,"We 're not gonna gon na do the feet today , I'm I 'm gonna gon na wait till like , early in the morning , to do those , cause y- I",mean,True,you get so tired .
,I,mean,True,", oh I mean I trim horses , and stuff like that , but I mean , I'm I 'm not like , I'm I 'm not uh , ."
,I,mean,True,", it — that's that 's just kinda how it happens , you know , because he kinda has to tell you ..."
,I,mean,True,", all the skeleton part of it you know , and — and they go through every kind a ligament ."
,"Endungo is the name given by Bayot speakers , but its",meaning,True,is not known .
,Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay (,meaning,True,"Jóola ) to refer to their language when they speak to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples ."
,“ Is there really much more logic in the opposite extreme which denies any kind of sound symbolism ( apart from the small class of evident echoisms and ‘ onomatopoeia ’ ) and sees in our words only a collection of accidental and irrational associations of sound and,meaning,True,? ...
,"Moreover , electing a third-party governor represents a repudiation of politics as usual , and the major party legislators will face changed constraints and incentives ,",meaning,True,"that much more is possible than many people assume , especially with strong leadership ."
,A fundamental tenet of linguistic science is that the sound of a word has a purely arbitrary connection to the word's word 's,meaning,True,"[ 1 ] , [ 2 ] ."
,"However , written sources are rarely explicit about the precise form ,",meaning,True,", and use of interjections ."
,"According to frame semantics ,",meaning,True,is best studied in terms of the mental concepts and participants in the minds of the speaker and addressee .
,"Nida's Nida 's dynamic-equivalence theory is often held in opposition to the views of philologists who maintain that an understanding of the source text ( ST ) can be achieved by assessing the inter-animation of words on the page , and that",meaning,True,is self-contained within the text ( i.e. much more focused on achieving semantic equivalence ) .
,So if anybody speaks Dutch tell me what that,means,True,.
,"For your joke to be funny , it has to surprise the audience in some way , which",means,True,it has to seem original or new .
,"This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by",means,True,"of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas ."
,We live in an epistemic environment that is heavily and deliberately polluted by agents who use mimicry and other methods as a,means,True,of inflating their pretense to expertise .
,"For optimal comparability , we studied the exact same conversational environment across languages : that of other-initiated repair ( OIR ) , in which one participant produces a turn at talk , the other then signals some trouble with this turn , and finally the first produces a next turn which aims to solve the trouble , usually by",means,True,of repetition and / or modification .
,This,means,True,"the experimenter doesn't does n't know which ants belong to which treatment , so it's it 's impossible to influence the results with ' observer bias ' ."
,This,means,True,we can't ca n't look at the issue you raise with these animals .
,"However , paying people to write and edit articles ultimately",means,True,that you have to make one of two sacrifices .
,"The six studies tested L2 learners after periods of 1 month to 50 years of limited L2 exposure , mainly on general language skills [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 21 ] , [ 23 ] , [ 24 ] , though also on more specific paradigms",meant,True,"to target aspects of grammatical abilities [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] or lexical abilities [ 22 ] , [ 23 ] ."
,At first I thought the children,meant,True,"my father , whose golden skin , the color of the night-monkey’s night-monkey ’s pelt , was a rarity in the islands ; but certainly the children of Tyom were familiar with my father , and would never have greeted a council-member with such ill-mannered yells ."
,"This system can also be used longitudinally to study how the workforce’s workforce ’s composition changes over time , which is particularly valuable for evaluating the effectiveness of policies",meant,True,to broaden participation or improve retention of faculty .
,That was the first night Renata didn’t did n’t come home and it doesn’t does n’t take Freud to figure out what that,meant,True,.
,"I remember wondering why I didn't did n't take any satisfaction from that sound , why it",meant,True,nothing beyond the fact I had one less opponent to worry about .
,"Before the operation , he",meant,True,.
,""" Get out of here """,meant,True,to make someone leave .
,Maybe she,meant,True,if she made herself .
