,"As tropical cyclones make landfall , this energy source is cut - off and they rapidly lose strength as they",move,True,over land .
,Gloria also became unable to,move,True,her legs .
,How is it possible that the brain is able to,move,True,"from one thought to the next in an organized , orderly fashion ?"
,"Yet , you don’t do n’t notice most of your brain’s brain ’s activity as you",move,True,throughout your daily routine .
,With the decision to,move,True,"the national capital from Nafplio to Athens , architects and city planners were hired to build a new city next to the classical ruins , with grand neoclassical homes and public buildings , large city squares , green spaces , and wide avenues , making a conscious , decisive turn from the city's city 's Ottoman past ."
,"You’ve You ’ve probably got them just the way you like them , but if you",move,True,"the adjusters up or down on the straps occasionally , the straps will last longer ."
,Thin translucent shadows,move,True,across her — the shadows of the neosilk-and-nanotube filaments that hang the city from the hundreds of five-kilometer-high towers that encircle it .
,Following his,move,True,"to the University of California , Berkeley , in 1971 , this theory eventually evolved into a broader cognitive linguistic theory called Frame Semantics ( 1976 ) ."
,"As of the last advisory , T C Phailin has winds of 190 kilometers per hour and has",moved,True,"inland , headed on a northwest track ."
,I get switched around --,moved,True,"around a few times to cover some residents who are on vacation , so I'll I 'll be at other spots later this week ."
,"In 1892 , Dvořák",moved,True,to the United States and became the director of the National Conservatory of Music of America in New York City .
,After a brief period in Frankfurt the family,moved,True,"to Basel , in Switzerland ."
,"In 1893 , Higuchi , her mother and her sister abandoned their middle class house and , with a grim determination to survive ,",moved,True,to a poor neighborhood where they opened a stationery store that before long failed .
,"On June 8 , 2014 , in order to allow Xander Bogaerts to play 3rd base , Holt",moved,True,to left field .
,She then,moved,True,"to Boston , where she attended Suffolk University ."
,"When a young girl , "" the family",moved,True,"south to Vichy , spending vacations at the paternal ancestral village of Mazirat , a town of 30 houses in a valley in the Allier ."
,Jespersen was an important figure in the international language,movement,True,.
,"Finally , applied to many academic fields in parallel , the system can elucidate scientists’ scientists ’",movement,True,between different disciplines and relate those labor flows to scientific advances .
,Why do you think the Paralympic,movement,True,"has so little visibility in the US compared to other countries like Australia , the United Kingdom and even Canada ?"
,What do you think the impact will be for the Paralympic,movement,True,will be with the Games being televised live in the United States for first time ?
,Texas student Ahmed Mohamed inspires social,movement,True,
,News of police response to a boy's boy 's digital clock in Texas last week has inspired a global social,movement,True,in support of the youth .
,"The Straits Times noted what began as individual messages to Mohamed had grown into a "" support",movement,True,""" ."
,""" Hoping that the #istandwithahmed",movement,True,"translates into a substantive national conversation on race , punishment , and incarceration . """
,"Such a scenario may be found in different situations , including when one studies a language in a classroom and then stops taking classes [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] and when one is immersed in a foreign language setting and then",moves,True,away [ 19 ] .
,Once a storm,moves,True,"over any appreciably sized piece of land , the moisture source is removed and the storm begins to dissipate ."
,"Yes , it will loose strength steadily as more and more of this swirling system",moves,True,from being over ocean to being over land .
,As it,moves,True,"over land , it is cut off from the source of energy driving the storm [ which is ] the evaporation of water from the warm sea surface ;"
,Do they get mad or irritated if the centre of attention,moves,True,to someone else ?
,Ballet is less about learning the,moves,True,and more about perfecting them .
,The,moves,True,"themselves are relatively straightforward , but the positing , the timing , and the elegance required takes a lifetime of practice ."
,You ’re on the 236th-level Kaiserstrasse,moving,True,sidewalk when you see her .
,He steps off the,moving,True,"sidewalk near you : tall , hook-nosed , the fashionable whorls of pox and acne making constellations of his cheeks and chest ; the glowing , formal tattoos of his committees and lifebrands adorning his massive triceps ."
,They thought of atoms as,moving,True,"particles that differed in shape and size , and which could join together ."
,It was known that a,moving,True,body exchanges its kinetic energy for potential energy when it gains height .
,"Daniel realised that in a similar way , a",moving,True,fluid exchanges its kinetic energy for pressure .
,Hadid studied mathematics at the American University of Beirut before,moving,True,", in 1972 , to London to study at the Architectural Association School of Architecture ."
,"But again , as soon as you found yourself cautiously",moving,True,"forward , the black night closed around and there came to my mind the line of Vergil , "" Horror ubique animos , simul ipsa silentia terrent "" . [ 15 ] [ 16 ]"
,Kiss anywhere you like and see how long your partner can keep from,moving,True,or making any noise .
,"The "" History "" section of the site explains , in a satirical fashion , that the incident was prompted by the Church of Scientology's Scientology 's attempts to",remove,True,a promotional video featuring Scientologist Tom Cruise from YouTube .
,"Writing in a blog post , Matthew Ingram of The Globe and Mail dubbed the ongoing conflict involving the Church of Scientology's Scientology 's attempts to",remove,True,"the Cruise video from the Internet : "" Scientology vs. the Internet , part XVII "" ."
,The countries of the region are fully engaged in a process that will lead us clearly toward Euro-Atlantic integration and at the same time continually,remove,True,us from the extremist tendencies that caused a number of conflicts in the last decade .
,"Twice daily ,",remove,True,the plastic wrap and sprinkle the containers with more water .
,"When you see the first green tendrils push up through the soil , it's it 's time to",remove,True,the plastic wrap .
,Take ten minutes and,remove,True,"all distractions - your phone , magazines , or thoughts of your attractive love - and go into a working frenzy ."
,This is necessary to,remove,True,the excess saponins on the outside of the grains which impart a bitter flavor to quinoa if not removed .
