,"More recently , institutions of academic expertise have been subject to a large and growing outbreak of so-called predatory journals — journals that will",publish,True,almost anything for a fee .
,"Around 4 July 1831 , Poisson declared Galois' Galois ' work "" incomprehensible "" , declaring that "" [ Galois' Galois ' ] argument is neither sufficiently clear nor sufficiently developed to allow us to judge its rigor "" ; however , the rejection report ends on an encouraging note : "" We would then suggest that the author should",publish,True,"the whole of his work in order to form a definitive opinion . "" [ 16 ]"
,"It is unsurprising , in the light of his character and situation at the time , that Galois reacted violently to the rejection letter , and decided to abandon publishing his papers through the Academy and instead",publish,True,them privately through his friend Auguste Chevalier .
,The results of the Australian National Iodine Nutrition Study,published,True,"in the Medical Journal of Australia this week , revealed that children in mainland Australia are borderline iodine deficient ."
,Late in his life he,published,True,"Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation ."
,His autobiography ( see below ) was,published,True,in English translation as recently as 1995 .
,He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927,published,True,his own project Novial .
,First,published,True,"in 1807 , many of Dalton’s Dalton ’s hypotheses about the microscopic features of matter are still valid in modern atomic theory ."
,the legitimacy of the,published,True,"findings was not enhanced through their publication by Elsevier , but rather the legitimacy of Elsevier’s Elsevier ’s publications — and , by extension , all academic journals — was diminished through their dissemination of deceptive and commercially interested research ."
,Frontiers in Public Health controversially,published,True,articles linking vaccines and autism [ 24 ] and questioning the link between HIV and AIDS [ 25 ] .
,"Since conflicts of interest are a reason to discount expertise , it is incumbent on me to note that I have",published,True,in Frontiers journals on several occasions .
,Brahms recommended Dvořák to his,publisher,True,", Simrock , who soon afterward commissioned what became the Slavonic Dances , Op. 46 ."
,"Whether due to this behavior or not , Jeffrey Beall decided to add the",publisher,True,to his influential ( but now sadly unavailable ) list of questionable journals [ 26 ] .
,If academics with expertise in relevant fields have difficulty assessing whether particular journals or particular,publishers,True,"are legitimate , one cannot can not reasonably expect ordinary people to make such judgments ."
,"You mentioned Larry Lessig's Lessig 's Free Culture , but it also includes some out of print titles by",publishers,True,"who are open to the concept , such as O'Reilly ."
,The exhibit at USI includes Polaroids of actor Dennis Hopper ; musician Nick Rhodes of Duran Duran ;,publishers,True,"Jann Wenner of Rolling Stone Magazine and Carlo De Benedetti of Italy's Italy 's la Repubblica ; disco club owner Steve Rubell of Studio 54 ; photographers Nat Finkelstein , Christopher Makos and Felice Quinto ; and athletes Vitas Gerulaitis ( tennis ) and Jack Nicklaus ( golf ) ."
,A yet more egregious example of such pollution involved collaborative efforts by pharmaceutical companies and the,publishing,True,giant Elsevier to produce publications mimicking peer-reviewed journals in the interest of promoting the companies’ companies ’ commercial products [ 23 ] .
,"It is unsurprising , in the light of his character and situation at the time , that Galois reacted violently to the rejection letter , and decided to abandon",publishing,True,his papers through the Academy and instead publish them privately through his friend Auguste Chevalier .
