,Raucous laughter greeted the suggestions of the other body parts that could,receive,True,the same treatment .
,If you do not,receive,True,"the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?"
,"By creating a Geofence with an erroneous location from its central location , the device will",receive,True,incorrect location notifications .
,She was the first woman to,receive,True,"the Pritzker Architecture Prize , in 2004 ."
,Did you think when you created it that the Santorum cocktail would,receive,True,this news coverage ?
,A mean cost per student criterion is used to tax only the schools that,receive,True,a fee higher than the mean cost per student fixed by the State .
,"All airlines flying into New Zealand have been requested to read a health message upon landing , and all arrivals into New Zealand will",receive,True,health information cards alongside the standard customs declaration form .
,Byron,received,True,"his early formal education at Aberdeen Grammar School , and in August 1799 entered the school of Dr. William Glennie , in Dulwich . [ 17 ]"
,Sensations and information are,received,True,"by our brains , filtered through emotions and memories , and processed to become thoughts ."
,Jespersen,received,True,"honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) ."
,He,received,True,his Ph.D. in Linguistics from the University of Michigan in 1961 .
,Fillmore,received,True,the 2012 Lifetime Achievement Award of the Association for Computational Linguistics . [ 3 ]
,"His breakthrough role was in the romantic comedy , Chasing Liberty ( 2004 ) , for which he",received,True,a nomination at Teen Choice Awards for Choice Breakout Movie Star - Male .
,"In 2017 , Goode portrayed Antony Armstrong-Jones , 1st Earl of Snowdon in the Netflix biographical drama series The Crown , for which he",received,True,a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Guest Star in a Drama Series . [ 2 ]
,She,received,True,"the UK's UK 's most prestigious architectural award , the Stirling Prize , in 2010 and 2011 ."
,"Tulsa lies in northeastern Oklahoma , at the convergence of the Great Plains and the Ozark Plateau , and",receives,True,"an average of 40 inches of precipitation each year , both of which account for its abundant beautiful rolling green terrain ."
,"The senses serve as the interface between the mind and the external environment ,",receiving,True,stimuli and translating it into nervous impulses that are transmitted to the brain .
,"He returned to the US ,",receiving,True,his doctorate at the University of Michigan and then teaching at The Ohio State University in Columbus .
,USI was not alone in,receiving,True,a donation .
,The function of this palace was for holding religious-national ceremonies and royal festivals and for,receiving,True,royal ambassadors and guests .
,"For most people ,",receiving,True,compliments is only fun up to a point — getting more than one or two can make someone feel embarrassed and self-conscious .
