,"Byron fell in love with Mary Chaworth , whom he met while at school , [ 6 ] and she was the reason he refused to",return,True,to Harrow in September 1803 .
,"But shortfalls in payment of his salary , along with increasing recognition in Europe and an onset of homesickness , led him to leave the United States and",return,True,to Bohemia in 1895 .
,We have no choice but to,return,True,to direct negotiations between the two parties .
,So she had to give me a,return,True,and then re-ring it up .
,"Late in his life , he was invited by Deng Xiaoping to",return,True,to China in 1981 .
,"After an education at the parish schools of Cruden and Ellon , at age of fifteen he entered the Jesuit college at Braunsberg , East Prussia , then part of Poland ; however , his character did not tolerate well the strict and sombre way of life at the school , and he soon decided to",return,True,home .
,After his,return,True,he distinguished himself in several wars against the Turks and Tatars in southern Russia .
,Her mentor did not,return,True,"her passionate , if discreet , love for him , and instead treated her as a younger sister ."
,Byron finally,returned,True,"in January 1804 , [ 6 ] to a more settled period which saw the formation of a circle of emotional involvements with other Harrow boys , which he recalled with great vividness : "" My school friendships were with me passions ( for I was always violent ) . "" [ 21 ]"
,"I have since learned that that doctor wrote a well-received treatise , On the Medicinal Properties of the Juice of the Young Coconut , and died a respected man in his native city of Deinivel ; but at the time I felt certain he had",returned,True,with his sack of tree-cuttings .
,"Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he",returned,True,to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .
,He,returned,True,"to the University of Basel , where he successively held the chairs of medicine , metaphysics , and natural philosophy until his death ."
,"Taking his discoveries further , Daniel Bernoulli now",returned,True,to his earlier work on Conservation of Energy .
,He,returned,True,"to China in 1920 , marrying the physician Yang Buwei there that year ."
,"Chao taught mathematics at Tsinghua University and , one year later ,",returned,True,to the United States to teach at Harvard .
,He again,returned,True,"to China in 1925 , teaching at Tsinghua , and beginning a survey of the Wu dialects in 1926 ."
,"If they smell strongly earlier , test with a wooden skewer ; if it",returns,True,"clean after sticking into a cupcake , they 're ready ."
