,"With these in hand , we will design the curriculum of clinics , based on the method of ' constructive alignment ' ( Biggs et al. , 2011 ) , to make sure that the intended learning objectives and the teaching / learning activities",stay,True,aligned .
,"She could , but then af- — I wanted to",stay,True,at the game longer .
,"And her mom wanted to take her home early , and I'm I 'm like , no let 's",stay,True,longer .
,We 're on a different rotation tomorrow so,stay,True,tuned to find out which one .
,,stay,True,away from misogynist jokes if you’ve you ’ve got an audience full of women ;
,Whether you are a working man or just a little cutie trying to,stay,True,"cute , those overalls are going to need washing sooner or later ."
,There are numerous places to,stay,True,to suit most budgets .
,"If there is nothing to eat , mice will be less likely to",stay,True,.
,"Some archival investigation on the original letters suggests that the woman of romantic interest was a Mademoiselle Stéphanie-Félicie Poterin du Motel , [ 18 ] the daughter of the physician at the hostel where Galois",stayed,True,during the last months of his life .
,"Whatever the reasons behind the duel , Galois was so convinced of his impending death that he",stayed,True,"up all night writing letters to his Republican friends and composing what would become his mathematical testament , the famous letter to Auguste Chevalier outlining his ideas , and three attached manuscripts . [ 22 ]"
,"At Antioch , where he",stayed,True,"the longest , two of his companions died and he himself was seriously ill more than once ."
,A brother from Theodorus’ Theodorus ’ monastery,stayed,True,with Pachomius in Tabennese while traveling and preached of the virtues of the Koinonia upon his return to Sne .
,She,stayed,True,"because I held her there by looking at her , the way you can sometimes will a dog into submission ."
,She,stayed,True,while I lit the fire .
,Veronique,stayed,True,"with me that night , lying next to me in my blankets and furs ."
,Kim wasn't was n't,staying,True,the night .
,"This couch is also quite big , it fits three people quite comfortably , and if I have family or friends",staying,True,"over , it opens up into a full double bed ."
,"Therefore , if you are",staying,True,"overnight in York and arriving by car , make sure that your hotel offers parking before you book ."
,If you are only visiting for the day but,staying,True,"until late evening , you will need to use a city centre car park ."
,You are only allowed two consecutive,stays,True,in this manner .
