x,In the present,study,True,", we examine the outcomes of such a period of no exposure on the neurocognition of L2 grammar : that is , whether a substantial period of no exposure leads to decreased proficiency and / or less native-like neural processes ( “ use it or lose it ” [ 20 ] ) , no such changes , or perhaps whether even higher proficiency and / or more native-like processing may be observed ."
x,"These language measures were compared in most studies to the same measures in a different set of subjects who had not experienced a period of limited exposure [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 22 ] , [ 23 ] , or to retrospective ratings of the same subjects [ 21 ] , with only one longitudinal",study,True,testing the same subjects before and after a period of limited exposure [ 24 ] .
x,"Moreover , one",study,True,"found no changes at all in performance , across proficiency levels , after either 2 or 4 years of limited exposure [ 22 ] ."
x,"Finally , in some cases a gain in performance has been observed : after 1.5 years of limited exposure in one",study,True,", particularly for L2 learners with immersion as well as classroom training [ 24 ] , and in another study after 2 years , though only for some abilities , such as listening and reading comprehension [ 18 ] ."
x,"And one of our friends , our common friends , he introduced us during",study,True,"hall , and we just kind of hit it off from there ."
x,A new,study,True,documenting iodine nutritional status in Australian school children has revealed many are not getting enough iodine - which can lead to mental and growth retardation .
x,Tasmania was excluded from the,study,True,"- where an voluntary iodine fortification program using iodised salt in bread , is ongoing ."
x,"Professor Cres Eastman , Director of the National Iodine Nutrition",study,True,", and Chairman of the Australian Centre for Control of Iodine Deficiency Disorders , says it is crucial that children and pregnant women in particular have an adequate intake of iodine ."
,It attempts to explain how and why we think the way we do by,studying,True,"the interactions among human thinking , emotion , creativity , language , and problem solving , in addition to other cognitive processes ."
,"He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially",studying,True,law but not forgetting his language studies .
,So I'm I 'm gonna gon na be,studying,True,"on Thanksgiving Day , Black Friday , and the whole weekend even though we 're going getting our Christmas tree I think on Saturday , and I I'm I 'm not decorating I'm I 'm not doing anything fun , like I have to study ."
,So I'm I 'm going to go in with like a different color and add in the chapters I'm I 'm gonna gon na be,studying,True,"for that , but I'm I 'm super stressed ."
,"Importantly ,",studying,True,"eye movements offers an insight that does not depend on the participants’ participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork ."
,"Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of",studying,True,"several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
,This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of,studying,True,"several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
,"During this period , he seems to have found time for",studying,True,and writing .
