,"Of interest here , studies",suggest,True,"that , despite the difficulties in acquiring L2 grammar , adult learners can approximate native-like levels of use and neurocognitive processing [ 12 ] – [ 15 ] ."
,"Overall , the results of the six studies have been taken to",suggest,True,the following .
,"Although attrition may take place within the first few years , some studies",suggest,True,"that it then appears to level off , with no further losses occurring [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] ."
,Findings of Lapita pottery,suggest,True,that early-Polynesians were on these islands close to 3000 years ago .
,"With respect to the contributions of digital games to improvement of cognitive processes , researchers",suggest,True,"that regular practice has a significant influence on improving the performance related to basic visual skills ( Li , Polat , Scalzo , & Bavelier , 2010 ) ; on the ability to perceive objects simultaneously ( Dye & Bavelier , 2010 ; Feng , Spence , & Pratt , 2007 ) ; and on the ability to do more than one task at the same time ( Boot , Kramer , Simons , Fabiani , & Gratton , 2008 ) ."
,Other studies specifically investigate the use of digital games in the school context and,suggest,True,"potential for digital game use to improve of student's student 's attention span at preschool age ( Rueda , Checa , & Cómbita , 2012 ) , to improve overall intelligence capacity of elementary school children ( Miller & Robertson , 2010 ) , and to better performance of working memory ability ( Klingberg et al. , 2005 ; Thorell , Lindqvist , Nutley , Bohlin , & Klingberg , 2009 ) ."
,Experimental manipulations of femoral orientation in chickens,suggest,True,that torsional loads increase as the femur becomes more horizontal [ 7 ] supporting the idea that postural differences could be reflected in differences in limb cross-sectional geometry .
,We,suggest,True,"that the different outcomes are due to the distinct rearing and exercising conditions used in each study , in addition to the different artificial tails used ."
,"In Spanish tradition , enjambment ( in Spanish , "" encabalgamiento "" ) is considered to take place when a pause",suggested,True,"by poetic form ( e.g. at the end of a line or across hemistichs ) occurs between strongly connected lexical or syntactic units , triggering an unnatural cut between those units ."
,"In this framework , scaling differences in femoral geometry between non-avian theropods and birds have been",suggested,True,"to be the result of postural differences between these groups [ 6 ] , [ 23 ] ."
,It,suggested,True,a talent for daily organization that filled Carroll's Carroll 's heart with admiration and lust .
,From a systematic comparison of 10 spoken languages from 5 continents we find evidence,suggesting,True,"that a word like ‘ Huh ? ’ – used as a ‘ repair initiator ’ when , for example , one has not clearly heard what someone just said [ 5 ] , [ 6 ] – is a universal word ."
,"Furthermore , limb retraction can be markedly modulated with speed [ 5 ] ,",suggesting,True,caution when using simple morphological parameters to estimate functional relationships .
,"Maybe this is not surprising considering that a recent study analyzing the relationship between posture and femur cross-sectional properties failed to find differences between birds and non-avian theropods [ 24 ] ,",suggesting,True,that simple morphological correlates of limb posture should be used with caution .
,"Thus , it",suggests,True,the use of digital games in an integrated way the school activities in the classroom .
,"Longer limbs are expected to experience larger bending and torsional moments , so the fact that experimental animals had longer femora",suggests,True,that limb verticalization reduces these moments by orienting the bone more parallel to the GRF line of action .
,This,suggests,True,that their results could be partially explained as a response to the increased loading rather than to the displacement of the CoM .
,Some archival investigation on the original letters,suggests,True,"that the woman of romantic interest was a Mademoiselle Stéphanie-Félicie Poterin du Motel , [ 18 ] the daughter of the physician at the hostel where Galois stayed during the last months of his life ."
,"Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz , which",suggests,True,( and most people who’ve who ’ve heard of it suppose ) that the wedding is Christian’s Christian ’s .
,Ruse has also argued that an evolutionary account of morality,suggests,True,that there are no moral facts in the first place .
,Recent research along the west coast of South America,suggests,True,that migrant populations may have traveled down this coast by water as well as by land .
,Ambiguity frightens arrogant people because it,suggests,True,"imperfection , change and lack of certainty ( realities we all must contend with as best we can ) ."
