,A- and I'm I 'm supposed to trust you every time you,tell,True,the truth .
,"You know Kendra , y- — I don't do n't know how many times I gotta got ta",tell,True,"you , once you lie , once you lie —"
,"Well you woke me up last night , to",tell,True,me Kim wasn't was n't spending the night .
,"I don't do n't know why you couldn't could n't wake me up in the morning , to",tell,True,me that you were going .
,"It was spring , the barren time in March when you can not be sure if it is really warmer , but you are so desperate for change that you",tell,True,"yourself the mud at the edge of the sidewalk is different from winter mud and you are sure that the smell of wet soil has suddenly a bit of the scent of summer rains , of grass and drowned earthworms ."
,So if anybody speaks Dutch,tell,True,me what that means .
,You can,tell,True,"by my voice it's it 's a little on the sore side today so hopefully I get better because , I haven't have n't told you guys yet , but I'm I 'm going somewhere this weekend and it's it 's gonna gon na be fun ."
,From one-liners to classic three-liners to the one-minute gag you,tell,True,"your friends , a good joke pleases everyone ."
,But how am I supposed to know when you 're,telling,True,the truth ?
,"You don’t do n’t need to have it completely memorized — in fact , you "" shouldn’t should n’t "" memorize it — but you need to be really comfortable with it , so comfortable that you can continue on with",telling,True,"it even if you get nervous or sidetracked , which is very possible once you ’re in front of an audience ."
,I thought you were,telling,True,me your breakfast .
,"He went looking for his brother , George Whitman , after he a telegram",telling,True,him his brother was injured in the South .
,If someone is continually,telling,True,"unfunny jokes , do you eventually fire them ?"
,The thought of,telling,True,", like , my mom ."
,The thought of,telling,True,someone makes me want to burst into tears .
,"At every floor , make a loud announcement",telling,True,everyone the floor number .
,Though its original readers would have had a certain amount of context for the truly bizarre and surprising events it,tells,True,"of , it’s it ’s possible that The Chemical Wedding is now more enjoyable without knowing that context , and experiencing the book unmediated ."
,Biologist Nick Bos,tells,True,Wikinews about ' self-medicating ' ants
,"I like that something will be a bit of secret , or even unreliable narrator : someone",tells,True,something and first you trust him but then you read more and you become thrilled by everything .
