,The words chosen for this oath recognize that when our Constitution calls Senators to,try,True,"impeachment , it calls them away from their role as partisans ."
,"What we do is we mark it under our cameras and then the patient will go up to the OR , have the melanoma , a wide excision of the melanoma , and then they will",try,True,to find the lymph node that we marked and take that one out as well to make sure there's there 's no metastasis .
,"Oh and PS , I usually",try,True,to avoid taking medicines that I can't ca n't read the name of but I had someone help me at the pharmacy in the airport .
,You can also,try,True,practicing in front of a sympathetic friend or family member once you ’re ready for a “ real ” audience .
,The smell is simply too intense for rodents and they will not,try,True,to go near it .
,"If you want a specific product ,",try,True,doing a online search to see where it is available locally .
,"For this reason , institutions may also be slow to investigate accusations of fraud , and they may",try,True,to keep their discoveries in-house to protect their reputations .
,But now let 's,try,True,"to figure out how they 're different , we'll we 'll look at temperature , first ."
,"If I did spend the night , and I was",trying,True,"to lie , I would give up , cause then I wouldn't would n't care , cause I knew I deserved it ."
,You guys wake me up every time I'm I 'm,trying,True,to take a little nap .
,See now she's she 's,trying,True,to think of ways to cover her tracks .
,I will read a few more scans coming up here shortly and just,trying,True,to tie up some loose ends before I go to conference .
,Whether you are a working man or just a little cutie,trying,True,"to stay cute , those overalls are going to need washing sooner or later ."
,"However , these operators are not adequate when",trying,True,to test software features associated with specific domains .
,Trying to —,trying,True,to win .
,Everyone’s Everyone ’s just watching the weird retarded girl except this one chubby guy who’s who ’s,trying,True,to get her to put down the lights but who’s who ’s afraid to touch her .
