,"Byron fell in love with Mary Chaworth , whom he met while at school , [ 6 ] and she was the reason he refused to",return,True,to Harrow in September 1803 .
,"But shortfalls in payment of his salary , along with increasing recognition in Europe and an onset of homesickness , led him to leave the United States and",return,True,to Bohemia in 1895 .
,We have no choice but to,return,True,to direct negotiations between the two parties .
,So she had to give me a,return,True,and then re-ring it up .
,"Late in his life , he was invited by Deng Xiaoping to",return,True,to China in 1981 .
,"After an education at the parish schools of Cruden and Ellon , at age of fifteen he entered the Jesuit college at Braunsberg , East Prussia , then part of Poland ; however , his character did not tolerate well the strict and sombre way of life at the school , and he soon decided to",return,True,home .
,After his,return,True,he distinguished himself in several wars against the Turks and Tatars in southern Russia .
,Her mentor did not,return,True,"her passionate , if discreet , love for him , and instead treated her as a younger sister ."
,We are not setting out to,turn,True,"them into programmers or data crunchers , but want to boost their knowledge level to where they feel comfortable providing information about DH projects , follow the literature and research , follow online tutorials and hopefully take up the challenge of finishing this professional development by engaging with the DH community ."
,"My father heard it , too , but he pretended not to , at least he didn’t did n’t",turn,True,his head .
,I looked at my father but he didn’t did n’t,turn,True,his head .
,I wished he would,turn,True,his head .
,"With the decision to move the national capital from Nafplio to Athens , architects and city planners were hired to build a new city next to the classical ruins , with grand neoclassical homes and public buildings , large city squares , green spaces , and wide avenues , making a conscious , decisive",turn,True,from the city's city 's Ottoman past .
,"Yeah , or",turn,True,a deaf ear .
,"It was vaguely uncomfortable , and appeared sufficiently disturbing that we all volunteered each other in",turn,True,"until , at last , Andy said he was game ."
,"The initiated then revelled in retelling the gross sensation of having this evil-smelling plastic slug invade your mouth , while the others waited their",turn,True,with mixed trepidation and excitement .
,He had effervescent tablets that,turned,True,"the canteen drinking water into that exact same pink mixture that the dentist gave you to rinse your mouth out after scraping around inside , and guaranteed to make the other kids splutter and spit it out when the taste slowly percolated through and met the memory of their last checkup ."
,Already in college his interests had,turned,True,to music and languages .
,"We sat on the porch watching , no longer daring to dart out and leap around in the downfall as drops",turned,True,to torrents and the staccato tapping on the roof climaxed to a thunderous roar .
,"We pulled off wet socks and shoes , letting them float away on the tide , before the great worm",turned,True,"and the wake engulfed the creaking , cracking house ."
,One of the soldiers,turned,True,"to face him , the ruby-like eyes seeming to pierce his very soul ."
,"My mother is bewildered , her face",turned,True,up towards me .
,"His was genetic : an uncontrolled genotype that left him predisposed to nearsightedness , acne , and ( as it later",turned,True,out ) predisposed to a susceptibility to narcotics .
,"I kicked one in the head until it stopped moving ,",turned,True,to the other .
,"Steven jiggled the handle that stuck out beyond your front teeth like some metallic duck’s duck ’s bill ,",turning,True,and twisting it most professionally and murmuring encouragements .
,The Fukushima nuclear catastrophe should become a,turning,True,point in our approach to nuclear safety .
,"A third ,",turning,True,"to face the new threat , took a blow to the face that audibly crunched the bones of his cheek ."
,His cheek was,turning,True,blue and yellow .
,Malaysia and Indonesia have maintained a policy of,turning,True,"away boats of migrants which , according to AFP , the Untied Nations and United States have both criticised ."
,"You could look at yourself ,",turning,True,"to catch different angles and say “ All right , all right , now we ’re talking , ” very loudly ."
,She,turns,True,"back , watching where she’s she ’s going , and she needs to get her hair done again because I can really see the gray roots ."
