,Scientists who study cognition are searching for ways to,understand,True,"how we integrate , organize , and utilize our conscious cognitive experiences without being aware of all of the unconscious work that our brains are doing ( for example , Kahneman , 2011 ) ."
,It is important to,understand,True,"the contact situation of Eegimaa , because some of the ritual names analysed in this paper come from other languages or from neighbouring communities ."
,"But uh , once you",understand,True,"it , you know , you , you 're interested in getting right in , and going after it ."
,I,understand,True,third party candidates have no success .
,"Because of my academic and professional background , I",understand,True,"the issues and challenges facing Virginia much better than the other candidates , and I am offering real solutions that can be appreciated across the political spectrum ."
,"Voters who meet me and hear me speak know that I am sincere , know that I",understand,True,"the issues deeply and have workable solutions , and know that I stand on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law and the public interest ."
,Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we,understand,True,"visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
,This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we,understand,True,"visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
,Seventy-five percent of our people wanted to have witnesses because that was their,understanding,True,"of what a trial is , not just argument at the beginning and argument at the end , but evidence for jurors who have pledged to be impartial to consider ."
,Your brain analyzes these details and develops an overall,understanding,True,of American history .
,"In the process , your brain gathers details that inform and refine your",understanding,True,"of related concepts like democracy , power , and freedom ."
,We will discuss the potential implications of these techniques and our,understanding,True,of visual behaviours on museum and gallery practice .
,"Measuring the composition and dynamics of a scientific workforce , particularly in a rapidly expanding field like computer science , is a crucial first step toward",understanding,True,how scholarly research is conducted and how it might be enhanced .
,We observe that this item fulfils a crucial need shared by all languages – the efficient signalling of problems of hearing and,understanding,True,– and we propose that its form is constrained by selective pressures in a conversational environment that is essentially the same in all languages .
,"However , a systematic metascience on replication research has not yet been established in the field of L2 research , leaving a poor",understanding,True,of the actual number and nature of replication studies that have been published .
,"Thus , we expect that careful phenotypic manipulation of extant birds can open new avenues of experimental investigation into unexplored facets of dinosaur locomotor mechanics and energetics , providing a more nuanced",understanding,True,of the relationship between form and function in dinosaur evolution .
