,I wanna,wan,True,"na know how you birds got on that board , if you 're not political appointees ."
,"And , if you wanna",wan,True,"na go on in it , you n- — then , you can go on ."
,I wanna,wan,True,na fortify .
,"In essence , we",want,True,to teach our country’s country ’s librarians the ins and outs of DH in order for them to take up their natural role of facilitating and supporting research and ideally become the research partner needed in DH projects .
,"We are not setting out to turn them into programmers or data crunchers , but",want,True,"to boost their knowledge level to where they feel comfortable providing information about DH projects , follow the literature and research , follow online tutorials and hopefully take up the challenge of finishing this professional development by engaging with the DH community ."
,I didn't did n't,want,True,you to have her phone number .
,"And for me , what I",want,True,"the purpose to be , is to inspire people ."
,To bring a little more light to the world is what I,want,True,", out of all of this ."
,We just,want,True,"to be able to bring , like she said , bring light into the entertainment and into the media industry , specifically is what we do ."
,You may,want,True,to start your own joke file .
,If you,want,True,"to make the audience laugh , your punchline needs to be surprising ."
,"A year later , the National Library of the Netherlands ( Koninklijke Bibliotheek ) , and the University Library of the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam again concluded that librarians at their institutes who",wanted,True,to get involved in DH needed more training to adequately support researchers and students in this field .
,"She could , but then af- — I",wanted,True,to stay at the game longer .
,And her mom,wanted,True,"to take her home early , and I'm I 'm like , no let 's stay longer ."
,Cause I,wanted,True,to go to the bathroom when you 're done .
,"I could not help arching my back a little , I",wanted,True,"to push against his hand like a cat but the instinct that comes with being thirteen , the half-understood caution that makes a girl timid , or wild , the shyness told me to just walk ."
,I,wanted,True,"to feel the rough edge of the pocket of his coat against my cheek , but I was too tall ."
,I,wanted,True,"to be seven again , and safe ."
,But I still,wanted,True,"to push against his hand and put my hand in his pocket and steal the leather palmed glove , that secret animal ."
,"We were all perfectly happy with the result , even",wanting,True,"one as a trophy until Steven passed an expert eye over them , pointing out here a gap , here a filling , and there a completely misaligned incisor ."
,Betty never knew how naughty she should feel about,wanting,True,to strangle him sometimes .
,I remember going into Hollywood Magic and,wanting,True,that big red box with the dragons on it and I didn't did n't even know what it did .
,"Josh Kindig , he's he 's coming on board , he has some ideas for that too , he",wants,True,"to take over "" aywv "" and do more gaming news ."
,"The center of transportation by BART and by bus is there , if one",wants,True,to branch out .
,"Mom has Cara on a diet , so of course she",wants,True,a cookie .
,Mom always tries to get her to say what she,wants,True,", but I know what she wants and I don’t do n’t want to fight with her ."
,She,wants,True,"to understand , I can see that ."
,“ It’s It ’s noggins here who,wants,True,to get rid of me … ”
,"But it has outlived its usefulness , and Microsoft no longer",wants,True,to support it .
,"If desired , the snitch is able to do whatever he or she",wants,True,to avoid capture .
