,Norton would later,add,True,""" Protector of Mexico "" to this title ."
,Anything else you would like to,add,True,?
,So I'm I 'm going to go in with like a different color and,add,True,"in the chapters I'm I 'm gonna gon na be studying for that , but I'm I 'm super stressed ."
,"Whether due to this behavior or not , Jeffrey Beall decided to",add,True,the publisher to his influential ( but now sadly unavailable ) list of questionable journals [ 26 ] .
,"Never before have I heard it ,",add,True,"or subtract energy , or , heat , change the temperature , basically ."
,"And let 's do this uh , let 's",add,True,"some complexities to this here , let 's do it in another language ."
,This needs more discussion obviously : we chose public domain because the texts we use are public domain and we didn't did n't want to,add,True,"new restrictions , especially not non-commercial , since already our recordings are being used for a number of commercialish projects ( I can't ca n't recall any specific project names , but some pay-education sites use LV stuff ) ."
,Here's Here 's a great vegan cupcake recipe to use as a base for whatever flavored icing you want to,add,True,to it .
,Professor Eastman says iodine is,added,True,to only 10 per cent of Australian salt in contravention of a World Health Organisation recommendation that all salt be iodised .
,"We need to "" make sure there's there 's sufficient iodine",added,True,"into the food supply , to help those people with a deficiency ."
,Cornyn's Cornyn 's statement,added,True,", "" There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much ."
,What Higuchi,added,True,was a special awareness of suffering and sensitivity .
,""" Foolhardy provocation deserves harsh punishment "" , it",added,True,"; and , later , "" Kim Jong-un issued an order of the supreme commander of the Korean People's People 's Army [ KPA ] that the front-line large combined units of the KPA should enter a wartime state to be fully battle ready to launch surprise operations "" ."
,""" Commanders of the Korean People's People 's Army were hastily dispatched to the front-line troops to command military operations to destroy psychological warfare tools if the enemy does not stop the propaganda broadcast within 48 hours and prepare against the enemy's enemy 's possible counteractions "" ,",added,True,KCNA .
,"During its "" comeback "" years , Cleveland has",added,True,": the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum , the Great Lakes Science Center with Omnimax theatre , and four new sports facilities in the downtown area - Progressive Field ( Still known as "" The Jake "" after a recent corporate name change ) for the Major League Baseball Indians , QuickenLoans Arena ( "" The Q "" ) for the NBA Cavaliers , Cleveland Browns Stadium for the NFL Browns and the Wolstein Center for the Cleveland State University Vikings basketball team ."
,"The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the",added,True,moisture content is a definite plus .
,They say,adding,True,the mineral to salt is the simplest and most effective method of preventing iodine deficiency disorders .
,""" One of the reasons that iodine is going down is because people are taking that good healthy eating message and not",adding,True,"salt during cooking . """
,"However , on the document , it referred to the database as National Enforcement and Emergency Management Information System and Intelligence System ,",adding,True,"the words "" and Emergency "" to the name ."
,By,adding,True,"certain chemicals , the ROS can be measured using the emission of light of a certain wave-length ."
,So instead of documenting the dreams it gradually became also like,adding,True,"creational elements , and I think that somehow through writing my dreams I gradually came to writing , also poems , but mainly stories ."
,"Researchers believe that about ten thousand years ago , humans also began the domestication of plants and animals ,",adding,True,agriculture as a means of sustenance to hunting and gathering techniques .
,Prepare the muffin tray by,adding,True,cupcake holders / cases .
,The flavor of icing or frosting can be improved by,adding,True,a little of your favorite juice to it instead of soy milk or water .
,"We go through a number of drafts and then have the editors pick it up and assign the photojournalism aspect of it to our graphic design team , who",adds,True,the visual aspect to it .
