Using CFLs will,allow,True,people to decrease their energy consumption ; also it is a good start to decrease greenhouse emissions .
"Around 4 July 1831 , Poisson declared Galois' Galois ' work "" incomprehensible "" , declaring that "" [ Galois' Galois ' ] argument is neither sufficiently clear nor sufficiently developed to",allow,True,"us to judge its rigor "" ; however , the rejection report ends on an encouraging note : "" We would then suggest that the author should publish the whole of his work in order to form a definitive opinion . "" [ 16 ]"
"On June 8 , 2014 , in order to",allow,True,"Xander Bogaerts to play 3rd base , Holt moved to left field ."
""" To have a business",allow,True,that type of filth to be purveyed through their website or through their system is something that they say they can't ca n't handle .
There are several campsites that,allow,True,tourists to barbeque on the beach with beautiful mountain views in the background .
There are also plans for new harbor facilities that will,allow,True,fisherman to sell and catch more easily and make importing food and fuel simpler .
"Four bike loan depots , located along Rivertrail ,",allow,True,riders to borrow a bike for free for up to twenty-four hours .
"( Or get four bottles and an empty , to",allow,True,room for the skittles . )
"First , our experimental subjects lived in a large enclosure under conditions that",allowed,True,them to exercise all day long .
"In Carrano & Biewener's Biewener 's study , experimental chickens were housed individually in smaller cages and were only",allowed,True,"to exercise 20 minutes per day , 3 days per week , from the 6th to the 12th week ."
"After living a life of constant weeping and prayer in solitude , Pachomius forgave Theodorus and",allowed,True,him to live among the brothers once more .
The Enemy cannot can not be,allowed,True,to advance any further .
Our advertising revenue funds community meetups and has even,allowed,True,"us to donate over $ 60,000 to charities such as the Wikimedia Foundation and Creative Commons ."
"At a polling station in Taikoo of the Hong Kong Island constituency , after the polls closed at 22:30 , with the long queues outside the station the last ballot there was cast at 2:30 the next day , four hours after the last person was",allowed,True,to join the queue .
"Kiara Perkins , a second year USI art major , admitted she was willing to skip class Thursday night to attend the opening exhibit but then circumstances",allowed,True,for her to attend the exhibit .
Large-scale agriculture and the resultant abundance of food,allowed,True,time for people to develop special trades and skills other than farming .
You are only,allowed,True,two consecutive stays in this manner .
"Theravada Buddhist monks are also supposed to avoid material temptations and as such , are not",allowed,True,"to touch money , so offering money to a monk is considered to be a sign of disrespect in most Theravada Buddhist cultures ."
"However , the last buses from the city centre leave at around 8 pm in the evenings and you are not",allowed,True,to leave your car in a Park and Ride overnight .
"Thus , our study seems to have generated a more gradual and less pronounced change in the moment of inertia produced by the artificial tail ,",allowing,True,experimental subjects to adjust to the posterior mass by adopting a more vertical position of the femur while standing .
When ACPeds,allows,True,"or encourages the impression that it speaks for the profession , it introduces an epistemic pollutant ."
The application,allows,True,visualization of the player's player 's performance and offers the possibility of monitoring by teachers .
Reflection,allows,True,"us to obtain the list of classes and methods of the SUT , so the user can decide the methods to wish the operators will be applied ."
This application,allows,True,registering places of interest for the user .
"Many neo-pagan religions , such as Wicca , use aspects of ancient Greek religions in their practice ; Hellenic polytheism instead focuses exclusively on the ancient religions , as far as the fragmentary nature of the surviving source material",allows,True,.
"First , specialization in a particular small job",allows,True,workers to focus on the parts of the production process where they have an advantage .
"Third , specialization",allows,True,"businesses to take advantage of economies of scale , which means that for many goods , as the level of production increases , the average cost of producing each individual unit declines ."
