"Once again , this phenomenon has the effect of making peer-reviewed journals",appear,True,less legitimate .
Yet some Frontiers journals,appear,True,"to have engaged in bad behavior , whether for profit or for some other motive ."
"On the other hand , extant newspaper clippings from only a few days after the duel give a description of his opponent ( identified by the initials "" L. D. "" ) that",appear,True,"to more accurately apply to one of Galois' Galois ' Republican friends , most probably Ernest Duchatelet , who was imprisoned with Galois on the same charges . [ 21 ]"
"Specializing in short stories , she was one of the first important writers to",appear,True,in the Meiji period ( 1868 - 1912 ) and Japan's Japan 's first prominent woman writer of modern times .
Several of her trademark themes,appear,True,"; for example , the triangular relationship among a lonely , beautiful , young woman who has lost her parents , a handsome man who has abandoned her ( and remains in the background ) , and a lonely and desperate ragamuffin who falls in love with her ."
"Higuchi's Higuchi 's likeness adorns the Japanese 5000 yen banknote as of fall 2004 , becoming the third woman to",appear,True,"on a Japanese banknote , after Empress Jingū in 1881 and Murasaki Shikibu in 2000 ."
"Marbles has been in a relationship with fellow YouTuber Julien Solomita since 2013 , and the two live together in California with their four dogs , Marbles , Kermit , Peach and Bunny , who regularly",appear,True,in her videos . [ 26 ]
"Most prolific during the 1960s , Moreau continued to",appear,True,in films into her 80s .
"The actual author is Johann Valentin Andreae , whose name didn’t did n’t",appear,True,"on the book originally , thus ensuring the confusion ."
Freight charges on the Rangatira,appear,True,to be flexible and subject to change .
Doing this too often can quickly turn an otherwise flirtatious conversation into one in which you,appear,True,needy and self-loathing .
One of Fillmore's Fillmore 's most widely noticed works of the time ( with Paul Kay and Cathy O'Connor ),appeared,True,"in ' Language ' in 1988 as "" Regularity and Idiomaticity in Grammatical Constructions : The Case of Let Alone "" ."
He then,appeared,True,"in a string of supporting roles in films like Woody Allen's Allen 's Match Point ( 2005 ) , the German - British romantic comedy Imagine Me and You ( 2006 ) , and the period drama Copying Beethoven ( 2006 ) ."
"As well as appearing in films , Goode has",appeared,True,in numerous television shows .
Marbles,appeared,True,"as Eve in season 2 of Epic Rap Battles of History , episode 13 , "" Adam vs. Eve "" [ 17 ]"
"On January 30 , 2014 , she",appeared,True,in season four of Ridiculousness .
Marbles,appeared,True,as herself in Smosh : The Movie . [ 18 ]
"Padalecki won Fox Broadcasting's Broadcasting 's 1999 "" Claim to Fame Contest "" ; he subsequently",appeared,True,"at the Teen Choice Awards , where he met an agent . [ 5 ]"
Throughout the early 2000s he,appeared,True,"in several made-for-television films , including Silent Witness , Close to Home , and the Disney Channel Original Movie A Ring of Endless Light . [ 6 ] [ 7 ]"
"In 2004 , he",appeared,True,"in the Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen comedy New York Minute as Trey Lipton , a cute boy to whom the Olsens' Olsens ' characters are attracted ."
"In 2005 , he",appeared,True,"in Cry Wolf , another horror film , as Tom . [ 9 ]"
"Traffic to the Scientology website had already increased 18-fold prior to the attack , following increased attention after the Tom Cruise video",appeared,True,on the Internet .
As well as,appearing,True,"in films , Goode has appeared in numerous television shows ."
"After 1949 , she began",appearing,True,"in films with small parts but continued primarily active in the theatre for several years — a year at the Théâtre National Populaire opposite among others Gérard Philipe and Robert Hirsch , then a breakout two years in dual roles in The Dazzling Hour by Anna Bonacci , then Jean Cocteau's Cocteau 's La Machine Infernale and others before another two-year run , this time in Shaw's Shaw 's Pygmalion . [ 6 ]"
"From the late 1950s , after",appearing,True,"in several successful films , she began to work with the emerging generation of French film-makers ."
He grew up in Texas and rose to fame in the early 2000s after,appearing,True,on the television series Gilmore Girls as well as the films New York Minute and House of Wax .
In a recently-accepted Evolution paper Bos and colleagues describe ants,appearing,True,to self-medicate .
"For example , the Frontiers contingent of journals",appears,True,legitimate — at least to me — despite the fact that authors are expected to pay a publication fee . 8
"By compiling data from published literature we found that in thirty-one languages around the world , the interjection for other-initiated repair",appears,True,to be strongly similar ( Figure 1 ) .
"Albeit limited , these results provide valuable insight into SI interpretation by Chitonga-speaking children and demonstrate that pragmatic inference acquisition likely follows the order identified in previous research , but",appears,True,to be completed at a later age in this language .
"I was no stranger to the taunts and insults , or the foot that",appears,True,from nowhere to trip you up en route from A to B .
So showing the Paralympics live on United States television might turn out to be less glamorous than it,appears,True,.
