"Now , I would like to",ask,True,"you , how these three things ."
“ Can Toph and Len come over ? ” I,ask,True,.
"“ Just make sure there are no pixies in the coffee pot , is all I",ask,True,. ”
"The inscription on it was fading away , so I should set it down here as it was then , and",ask,True,my readers to ponder it :
In fact you can,ask,True,"questions about why it should ever have existed , but now why should it exist ."
Do you,ask,True,for references ?
We show opt-out advertising to anonymous visitors rather than,ask,True,for donations .
Local municipalities in Italy,ask,True,taxes from religious schools
It is also encouraging citizens to,ask,True,for application of the law in their local municipalities .
"In other words , apart from thinking about how we ought to live , and where our moral sense comes from , we can also",ask,True,"what it means to affirm a particular answer to that question , how we could come to know the answer , and whether the answer would be a matter of fact or more like an opinion ."
"Since most people are going there anyway , you can always",ask,True,people to share taxi .
His father then,asked,True,"him to study in medicine , and Daniel agreed under the condition that his father would teach him mathematics privately , which they continued for some time ."
Siméon Poisson,asked,True,"him to submit his work on the theory of equations , which he did on 17 January 1831 ."
"Galois' Galois ' cousin , Gabriel Demante , when",asked,True,"if he knew the cause of the duel , mentioned that Galois "" found himself in the presence of a supposed uncle and a supposed fiancé , each of whom provoked the duel . """
"Padalecki had an uncredited role as a high school bully in 2003's 2003 's comedy Cheaper by the Dozen , which he played after being",asked,True,"by fellow actor and friend Tom Welling , who played Charlie Baker , and the director of the movie , who wanted someone larger than Charlie to pick on him ."
“ Can’t Ca n’t you get dressed in the bedroom like a normal person ? ” Betty,asked,True,.
She,asked,True,"him to stop , and he refused , giggling ."
“ Is it him ? ” we,asked,True,"each other , nudging elbows and climbing onto the chairs ."
"Yet when I saw afar out in the sea a black condor descend from the sky to seek rest on a vast reef , I would fain have questioned him , and",asked,True,him of those whom I had known when they were alive .
This I would have,asked,True,"him had he not been so far away , but he was very far , and could not be seen at all when he drew nigh that gigantic reef ."
""" Are you going to be a teacher ? "" I",asked,True,.
""" You come here from Earth ? "" I",asked,True,.
You get a baseline from,asking,True,girls and refining profiles --
"As always , the interview was conducted on IRC , with multiple people",asking,True,questions .
"In the past few days in Italy , several municipalities have started",asking,True,"religious schools to pay taxes for property and local services , despite the resistance of the Catholic Church ."
"The request of the municipalities results from the sentence of the Italian Supreme Court of Cassation on July 8 , recognising as legitimate the request of the Municipality of Livorno",asking,True,religious schools to pay property taxes .
"The Union of Rationalist Atheists and Agnostics ( UAAR ) has launched a petition which now has more than 11,000 signatures ,",asking,True,the government to respect and execute the sentence of the Supreme Court .
Text the other person a brief message,asking,True,"them about their day , asking them a specific question about work or school , or simply saying "" Hi ! "" ."
"Asking for help with a work or school-related problem is almost always a good bet , as is",asking,True,a question about something striking about the person .
Rather than,asking,True,"a question , you can also simply offer your comments on these things ."
"For example , after we've we 've opened up by",asking,True,"about this person's person 's interest in the band in his / her username , it's it 's logical and reasonable to ask about this person's person 's musical likes and dislikes ."
“ You want to call your dad ? ” Mom,asks,True,.
"In the second case , the M5S party",asks,True,to the regional government to assure the local administrations of the region regularly apply the sentence of the Supreme Court .
If someone,asks,True,"you why you pushed all the buttons , you can honestly say , "" It was just a joke ! """
