"Insofar as the larger organization , with a broader membership",base,True,", can be expected to reflect a wider range of expert opinions and a higher degree of expertise , it is reasonable to give its views greater weight than those of the smaller organization ."
"Thus , our overall aim is to provide conceptual clarification and an empirical",base,True,"for future discussion and production of replication studies , with a view to improving the amount and quality of L2 replication research ."
"On June 8 , 2014 , in order to allow Xander Bogaerts to play 3rd",base,True,", Holt moved to left field ."
"On June 1 , 2015 , while starting at first",base,True,"for the first time in his career , Holt went 4-for-4 with four doubles , a walk , and two RBI against the Tampa Bay Rays to win 4 to 0 . [ 14 ]"
It's It 's opened up a new fan,base,True,", so to speak ."
"The pattern of our sustained economic growth , which is at 6 to 7 per cent for the seventh consecutive year , is a good support",base,True,for the whole society to maintain higher standards of respect for human rights and to fight poverty and crime .
"Although no one knows what happened to the Olmec after about 400 BCE , in part because the jungle reclaimed many of their cities , their culture was the",base,True,upon which the Maya and the Aztec built .
While Cleveland continues to play a leading role in building the U.S. industrial,base,True,", it has also developed economic prowess in the fields of health care , law , finance , insurance , real estate development , and professional services ."
Isfahan International Airport or Isfahan Shahid Beheshti ( IATA : IFN ) was a military air,base,True,before the revolution .
"If you look closely , at the",base,True,of every leaf are two tiny little leaves that will grow outwards if the stem growing between them is cut off .
Here's Here 's a great vegan cupcake recipe to use as a,base,True,for whatever flavored icing you want to add to it .
"Here , we present a novel system ,",based,True,"on a topical web crawler , that can quickly and automatically assemble a full census of an academic field using digital data available on the public World Wide Web ."
"Given that need , we have developed software ,",based,True,"on Natural Language Processing , that automatically identifies enjambment in Spanish , and applied it to a corpus of approx. 3750 sonnets by ca. 1000 authors , from the 15th to the 19th century ."
It collects the data,based,True,on the observation of the proposed interventions as well as interviews conducted with participating teachers and students to identify their perceptions of digital games’ games ’ contributions to the learning process .
A statistical analysis was performed,based,True,on the application of the paired t-test on the difference of the overall score obtained in the test before and after the intervention in the two groups .
"From this , we conclude that an intervention",based,True,on cognitive digital games offers contributions to the learning process and improvement of sustained attention .
"however , in the study by Hein and colleagues it was found that children responded more or less frequently",based,True,on factors such as stimuli type .
"Unfortunately , most of the time , people in the residential end up choosing a lamp",based,True,on it is price rather than its efficiency and this cause us to pay for our lighting more than necessary .
Much more detailed speculation,based,True,"on these scant historical details has been interpolated by many of Galois' Galois ' biographers ( most notably by Eric Temple Bell in Men of Mathematics ) , such as the frequently repeated speculation that the entire incident was stage-managed by the police and royalist factions to eliminate a political enemy . [ 14 ]"
"He's He 's garnered praise for his performance as Charles Ryder in Julian Jarrold’s Jarrold ’s adaptation of Evelyn Waugh's Waugh 's Brideshead Revisited ( 2008 ) , and as Ozymandias in the American neo-noir superhero film Watchmen ( 2009 ) ,",based,True,on DC Comics' Comics ' limited series of the same name .
"Goode played Peter Lynley , the brother of Inspector Lynley in the BBC production Inspector Lynley Mysteries : A Suitable Vengeance and co-starred in the TV film Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister ,",based,True,on the Gregory Maguire novel of the same name and William Shakespeare's Shakespeare 's play The Tempest .
The toys' toys ' appearances are,based,True,upon her real dogs . [ 7 ]
"At that time he knew only vaguely that Hell was a place you did not want to go , like the dark",basement,True,or the even darker attic .
He also led the Owls with 67 runs scored and shared the team lead with 11 stolen,bases,True,.
The McCutchan Art Center / Pace Galleries at USI,bases,True,its exhibit around roughly 100 Polaroids selected from its collection .
Consider,basing,True,your language on an existing language .
Consider,basing,True,some of your words from other words you have invented .
