"Whatever the reasons behind the duel , Galois was so convinced of his impending death that he stayed up all night writing letters to his Republican friends and composing what would",become,True,"his mathematical testament , the famous letter to Auguste Chevalier outlining his ideas , and three attached manuscripts . [ 22 ]"
"Gordon was brought up and remained a lifelong Roman Catholic , at a time when the Church was being persecuted in Scotland , which had",become,True,Calvinist .
Efforts to,become,True,a writer
"In 1892 , after seeing the success of a classmate , Kaho Tanabe , who wrote a novel , Higuchi decided to",become,True,a novelist to support her family .
This failed relationship would,become,True,a recurrent theme in Higuchi's Higuchi 's fiction .
"Now he was in the kitchen , awake and on his way out the door , because suddenly spending fifteen minutes eating dinner with his wife had",become,True,too much of a burden on this most wonderful night of the year .
"The rocking chair , the watering can , boxes of cuttings , and tied-up newspapers , all floated away as we slammed the kitchen door shut and retreated to the front room we gazed out at the river that the street had",become,True,.
It had taken only a matter of hours for the Kethlan system to,become,True,a tumbling sea of debris ; the twisted and burnt-out remnants of a once glorious Imperial nation .
Prince Hermes : Now after humankind has suffered so much harm here I flow having by god’s god ’s counsel and with the help of art,become,True,a healing balm .
Anyone can,become,True,a monkey ; it takes serious study to become a magician .
"The drink was mildly popular for the last few months , but of course has",become,True,a great deal more popular since getting all this publicity .
Experimental manipulations of femoral orientation in chickens suggest that torsional loads increase as the femur,becomes,True,more horizontal [ 7 ] supporting the idea that postural differences could be reflected in differences in limb cross-sectional geometry .
"Demosisto's Demosisto 's Nathan Law earned a surprise victory as second place in the constituency with 50,818 votes , and",becomes,True,the youngest Legislative Council member in Hong Kong's Kong 's history .
""" When a chicken or another animal with this tendency",becomes,True,"frightened , its heart rate lowers and it stops moving ."
If it,becomes,True,"apparent that you cannot can not open either of your two parachutes , or that for some other reason they are fatally non-functional , then the following steps may be of some minor assistance ."
Simmer the quinoa for about 15 minutes or until the grain,becomes,True,translucent and the white germ forms a visible spiral on the exterior of the quinoa grain .
"Transmedia systems , like that exemplified by Game of Thrones , are",becoming,True,"increasingly prevalent ( e.g. , Star Wars , Harry Potter , The Walking Dead , the Marvel Cinematic Universe , etc ) ; these systems demonstrate , in microcosm , the global challenge of managing the fire-hose flow of information in contemporary postdigital society ."
"Higuchi's Higuchi 's likeness adorns the Japanese 5000 yen banknote as of fall 2004 ,",becoming,True,"the third woman to appear on a Japanese banknote , after Empress Jingū in 1881 and Murasaki Shikibu in 2000 ."
Quickly,becoming,True,"a favorite of Pachomius , Theodorus lived an enviably ascetic life in the monastery , and took on the title of the "" brothers’ brothers ’ comforter "" ."
"Even then , at the tender age of eight and with half my mind gone , I was",becoming,True,a superlative observer .
History is,becoming,True,more and more irrelevant .
By adopting contemporary legislation and by,becoming,True,"a party to other recently adopted international instruments on human rights , Albania has associated itself with countries that are enforcing a number of national strategies and programmes focusing on specific population groups , especially women , children , persons in need and minorities , among others ."
"On Friday , 28 February , New Zealand recorded its first case of the COVID-19 coronavirus ,",becoming,True,the 48th country to have a confirmed case .
"Currently exurbs such as Apache Junction , Fountain Hills , Queen Creek , and Sun City are",becoming,True,part of this metropolitan area as well .
