It is possible that these two children understood the task and really did,believe,True,"that the puppet did not produce any poor descriptions , and in this regard , are not yet adult-like in their SI interpretations ."
"I mean the theory was , whether you",believe,True,"it or not , that it would be a defensive alliance against potential Soviet aggression , that’s that ’s the basic doctrine ."
"Well there’s there ’s no defense against Soviet aggression , so whether you",believe,True,that doctrine or not that’s that ’s gone .
As a result some folks,believe,True,wikiHow is a more humane and enjoyable place to work than other places online .
I,believe,True,that offering this right to fork has been a key element of our success thus far .
"The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced "" Vilt-two "" — the discoverer was German , I",believe,True,) .
We,believe,True,"that the commitments set up in the framework of the Adriatic Charter are also contributing to meet NATO standards , to the benefit of regional stability and security ."
From time to time we've we 've been tempted to,believe,True,"that society has become too complex to be managed by self-rule , that government by an elite group is superior to government for , by , and of the people ."
"If moral facts are explanatorily redundant , indeed , moral realists ( those who",believe,True,"there are mind-independent , objective facts about morality , as discussed in Chapter 1 ) need to say why we should still suppose that moral facts do exist ."
Street claims that such a coincidence would be too much to,believe,True,.
Some scholars,believe,True,"that between nine and fifteen thousand years ago , a land bridge existed between Asia and North America that we now call Beringia ."
Betty was thirty-eight and still,believed,True,in Santa Claus .
"When Tyler was very young , his grandmother was his favorite person in the world because , unlike his parents , who",believed,True,"that children should always be told the truth as adults understood it , she would fill in the gaps in his knowledge — Santa Claus , the Easter Bunny , God ."
"To find anyone still proud , anyone who",believed,True,"in giants or shame , was hilarious ."
Those few TwenCen relics who still,believed,True,in God also held that one shouldn't should n't try to improve upon His handiwork .
Memon also said she,believed,True,the social movement in reaction to Mohamed helped improve Muslim / non-Muslim .
Its round shape symbolizes wealth and good fortune and is,believed,True,to bring good luck .
"According to ABC News , Basya also",believes,True,the asylum seekers found in the water may have left the boat on purpose to be rescued to avoid being sent away from Indonesia waters .
New Zealand's Zealand 's Prime Minister John Key said he,believes,True,"redesigning the flag now has a "" strong rationale "" ."
