It was in the spectral summer when the moon shone down on the old garden where I wandered ; the spectral summer of narcotic flowers and humid seas of foliage that,bring,True,wild and many-coloured dreams .
"Now stretch out on the couch , and I’ll I ’ll",bring,True,you coffee and rub your feet . ”
Want to,bring,True,it to the White House ?
Its round shape symbolizes wealth and good fortune and is believed to,bring,True,good luck .
York is full of magic and a wonderful place to,bring,True,children !
Place two parts water or stock to one part of quinoa in a saucepan over medium-high heat and,bring,True,to a boil .
Add one cup of broth and one cup of water to the saucepan and,bring,True,to a boil over medium high heat .
"For example , universities have a financial incentive to inflate the expertise of their academic staff , thereby increasing their rankings ,",bringing,True,"in grant money , and attracting students ."
Marbles has also professionalized her business affairs by expanding her business and,bringing,True,"in people to help , including , a personal assistant , a business manager , and her mother ( the chief executive officer ) . [ 8 ]"
"Genesis brought back a sample from the Sun almost two years ago , but Stardust is also",bringing,True,back the first solid samples from the local interstellar medium —
Albania is working to strengthen the democratic institutions and capacities of its central and local government with a view to,bringing,True,"its legislation and conditions into line with European Union standards , progressively achieving concrete and measurable results , as previously defined ."
The project,brings,True,"together established research strengths in Spanish art history , experimental psychology , digital humanities , and museum studies to explore , using eye-tracking techniques , aesthetic reactions to digital representations of the individual Zurbarán artworks as well as the significance of the collection as a whole ."
Nida,brings,True,"in the reminder that while there are no such things as "" identical equivalents "" in translating , what one must in translating seek to do is find the "" closest natural equivalent "" ."
Paralympic sport,brings,True,attention to athletes who are typically overlooked in American society because the majority of the population does not want to identify with people who are disabled .
"By "" sample return "" of course I mean a mission that",brings,True,back extraterrestrial material .
This,brings,True,out quinoa's quinoa 's nutty flavor .
