,"With the decision to move the national capital from Nafplio to Athens , architects and city planners were hired to",build,True,"a new city next to the classical ruins , with grand neoclassical homes and public buildings , large city squares , green spaces , and wide avenues , making a conscious , decisive turn from the city's city 's Ottoman past ."
,The current study seeks to,build,True,"on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States ."
,Steven measured and mixed the plaster of Paris and prepared for the cast by using a bright blue putty to,build,True,"up the form of the jaw , and shoring up gaps and holes ."
,"The Museum of Flight in Seattle , Washington was also proposed as another location for a shuttle , going so far as to",build,True,a new building to house an orbiter .
,We must,build,True,trust and we have to foster the belief among Israelis and Palestinians that a negotiated settlement can be achieved — a sustainable solution based on two States living side by side in a secure and peaceful neighbourhood within mutually recognized borders .
,"I try to work on a very low budget , and like to",build,True,"most of the experimental setups myself ( we actually have equipment in the lab nicknamed the ' Nickinator ' , ' i-Nick ' and the ' Nicktendo64 ' ) ."
,"wikiHow is a wiki-based site which aims to """,build,True,"the world's world 's largest , highest quality how-to manual . """
,wikiHow is a collaborative effort to,build,True,"the world's world 's largest , highest quality how-to manual ."
,"The Museum of Flight in Seattle , Washington was also proposed as another location for a shuttle , going so far as to build a new",building,True,to house an orbiter .
,"The humanitarian crisis in the Horn of Africa , ecological disasters such as Fukushima , political developments like the Arab Spring and terrorist attacks such as the assault on the United Nations",building,True,in Abuja last August require concerted action by the United Nations and its Member States .
,I think that,building,True,a universal how-to manual would be a tremendous gift for the world .
,I've I 've been interested in,building,True,a comprehensive how-to manual long before I first envisioned wikiHow .
,My first attempt at,building,True,this resource was a website I used to run called eHow .
,Recent reports have revealed that a defector from the elite group within Scientology called the Sea Org was first persuaded to travel back to a management,building,True,"for the organization in California , where he was interrogated by an attorney for Scientology and then arrested ."
,She was outside the,building,True,"in the gardens , waiting for a photographer she had arranged to shoot her new Epic Mickey costumed character-style outfit ."
,"With this agricultural revolution , and the more abundant and reliable food supplies it brought , populations grew and people were able to develop a more settled way of life ,",building,True,permanent settlements .
