"He became a Christian at a young age , when he responded to the altar",call,True,"at his church "" to accept Christ as my Saviour . """
"Oh , and by the way guys , what do we",call,True,"something that's that 's hard , like this ice here , or a table , or a rock ."
We,call,True,it a ?
Of course we,call,True,it a sholids .
And what do we,call,True,something that you _ — that you can splish splash .
"Yes , we",call,True,it a ?
"And finally , what do we",call,True,"something that's that 's loose , and floating around like this steam here ?"
"Or a cloud , or the air we breathe , we",call,True,it a ?
Don't Do n't,call,True,me stupid .
"“ For heaven’s heaven ’s sake ,",call,True,me Betty . ”
“ You want to,call,True,your dad ? ” Mom asks .
"When regarding an artwork , a viewer gathers information through a series fixations , interspersed by rapid movements of the eye",called,True,saccades .
These areas of interest are,called,True,Geofences .
"Indeed , some commentators have",called,True,"replication the “ gold standard ” of research evidence ( Jasny , Chin , Chong , & Vignieri , 2011 , p. 1225 ) and a “ linchpin of the scientific process ” ( Let ’s replicate , 2006 , p. 330 ) ."
These participants were,called,True,""" cases "" in his original paper , but later came to be known as semantic roles or thematic relations , which are similar to theta roles in generative grammar ."
"Following his move to the University of California , Berkeley , in 1971 , this theory eventually evolved into a broader cognitive linguistic theory",called,True,Frame Semantics ( 1976 ) .
"There , he started a project",called,True,"FrameNet , an on-line structured description of the English lexicon implementing much of what he had earlier proposed more theoretically in his theory of Frame semantics , while implementing the idea of emphasizing example sentences from corpora ."
""" We",called,True,her the inventor of the 89 degrees .
"Her experience living in this neighborhood would provide material for several of her later stories , especially "" Takekurabe "" , ( literally , "" Comparing heights "" ; "" Child's Child 's Play "" in the Robert Lyons Danly translation ; also",called,True,""" Growing Up "" in the Edward Seidensticker translation . )"
He debuted for Boston after getting,called,True,up on July 6 in Anaheim .
"Holt again started 2014 in Triple-A , but was",called,True,up May 17 after an injury to Will Middlebrooks and hit leadoff for the rest of the season .
Marbles does a weekly podcast with her boyfriend Julien Solomita,called,True,""" The Jenna Julien Podcast "" ( formerly called "" The Jenna and Julien Podcast "" ) ."
"Moreau ultimately lost interest in school at age 16 , and after attending a performance of Jean Anouilh's Anouilh 's Antigone , found her",calling,True,as an actor .
“ Your secretary’s secretary ’s,calling,True,", and you need me to answer it ?"
After,calling,True,"the Scientology organization by phone to attempt to speak with his mother , Montalvo was instead put through to a Scientology attorney , Kendrick Moxon ."
This is referred to in the emblem and when you hear the dwellers of Łódź ( łodzianin ( man ) łodzianka ( woman ) łodzianie ( plural ) ),calling,True,"themselves "" the boat people "" ."
"To differentiate these cases from enjambment proper , Spang",calls,True,"these cases "" enlace "" , translated here as "" expansion "" ."
One indication of the importance of replication is found in the 50 or more,calls,True,"for replication research in the field of second language ( L2 ) research alone ( see references for 50 calls and commentaries in Appendix S1 in the Supporting Information online ) : from Santos ( 1989 ) through Polio and Gass 1997 to very recent proposals for specific replication studies , such as Vandergrift and Cross 2017 and even a book-length treatment ( Porte , 2012 ) ."
Beyond these,calls,True,", efforts to actively promote and facilitate replication studies have also emerged ."
The driving force behind this battery of,calls,True,", commentaries , infrastructure , and metascience is a perceived crisis in the state of replication research ."
"In the field of L2 research , given the importance of replication and the 50",calls,True,"for replication in L2 research that we identified , one might expect a substantial number of published replication studies by now ."
"But like most adults , when he grew older he could only",recall,True,the intensity of that love in childhood in an abstract way .
"This needs more discussion obviously : we chose public domain because the texts we use are public domain and we didn't did n't want to add new restrictions , especially not non-commercial , since already our recordings are being used for a number of commercialish projects ( I can't ca n't",recall,True,"any specific project names , but some pay-education sites use LV stuff ) ."
