"Unfortunately , most of the time , people in the residential end up choosing a lamp based on it is price rather than its efficiency and this",cause,True,us to pay for our lighting more than necessary .
"L'Enfant was promoted by brevet to Major in the Corps of Engineers on May 2 , 1783 , in recognition of his service to the",cause,True,of American liberty .
"Galois' Galois ' cousin , Gabriel Demante , when asked if he knew the",cause,True,"of the duel , mentioned that Galois "" found himself in the presence of a supposed uncle and a supposed fiancé , each of whom provoked the duel . """
The,cause,True,"is particularly close to Padalecki , who has been candid about his own struggles with depression . [ 20 ]"
"We 're not gonna gon na do the feet today , I'm I 'm gonna gon na wait till like , early in the morning , to do those ,",cause,True,y- I mean you get so tired .
"N- you just , it takes well , it takes me longer than most people ,",cause,True,"you know , I'm I 'm not as strong and , and I'm I 'm not as good , as like somebody that would do it all the time ."
Nor had my flesh trembled without,cause,True,", for when I raised my eyes I saw that the waters had ebbed very low , shewing much of the vast reef whose rim I had seen before ."
"I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here's here 's a way to help the",cause,True,.
"Last week , at least 76 people were killed when the Al-Ghaza Hotel near the Masjid Al-Haram ( Grand Mosque ) collasped , the",cause,True,of which is unknown .
while you 're unlikely to,cause,True,"offense if you do , you may well look slightly strange ."
Jealousy of your achievements or seeming lifestyle can,cause,True,another person to feel smug or arrogant about something they think they do better than you or something they own / have that you don't do n't .
"However , a perceived lack of prestige , excitement , and originality of replication plagues L2 research ( Porte , 2012 ) , as it does other disciplines ( Berez-Kroeker et al. , 2017 ; Branco , Cohen , Vossen , Ide , & Calzolari , 2017 ; Chambers , 2017 ; Schmidt , 2009 ) , and these perceptions are thought to have",caused,True,", at least in part ( directly or indirectly ) , alleged low rates and a poor quality of published replication studies ."
The fact that he had,caused,True,someone who loved him such pain with so little effort and understanding troubled him deeply .
The memory that had,caused,True,him such pain over the years could not possibly have occurred .
The death of his grandmother had probably,caused,True,in him feelings of abandonment and guilt .
"( This is a kind of "" wind "" of interstellar dust ,",caused,True,by the fact that our solar system is moving with respect to the local interstellar medium . )
A storm yesterday,caused,True,"a crane to fall into Mecca's Mecca 's Grand Mosque , killing 107 or more and wounding 238 , according to Saudi Arabia's Arabia 's Civil Defense Authority ."
"The accident , which occurred yesterday afternoon , was",caused,True,by strong winds and heavy rain that led the crane to fall .
A sudden rain storm on Sunday night ( March 4 ),caused,True,a mass exodus of people to head for the station prompting lines that backed up into the street .
The researchers found that ozone pollution,caused,True,46 percent of previously heat-attributed damage to soybean crops .
The countries of the region are fully engaged in a process that will lead us clearly toward Euro-Atlantic integration and at the same time continually remove us from the extremist tendencies that,caused,True,a number of conflicts in the last decade .
This error,causes,True,the incorrect display of the resulting geometry that should be drawn in the user interface after the operation applied to the two initial geometries ( Figure 2 ) .
"He was of Illyrian ancestry , [ 10 ] although his ability to speak the Illyrian languages",causes,True,controversy .
Executive director of the Dallas chapter of the Council on American - Islamic Relations Alia Salem said Mohamed wishes to use his newfound fame and attention to spotlight social,causes,True,including the treatment of Muslims in the United States .
"The U.S. Department of Agriculture notes , "" Ground-level ozone",causes,True,"more damage to plants than all other air pollutants combined "" , highlighting the importance of air quality for agriculture ."
Ozone is something that we understand the,causes,True,"of , and the steps that need to be taken to improve air quality . """
Biologists think that fear,causes,True,"this "" hypnosis , "" which may be an attempt to "" play dead "" to fool predators ."
It's It 's not completely clear how much stress this hypnosis,causes,True,.
"Wikinews has learned that according to an Internet posting made just over 24 hours ago , the Church of Scientology's Scientology 's website is being attacked by hackers ,",causing,True,the site to shut down .
"The stampede began when luggage from a bus tripped pilgrims at the eastern end of the wall ,",causing,True,a bottleneck .
