,"It was spring , the barren time in March when you can not be sure if it is really warmer , but you are so desperate for",change,True,"that you tell yourself the mud at the edge of the sidewalk is different from winter mud and you are sure that the smell of wet soil has suddenly a bit of the scent of summer rains , of grass and drowned earthworms ."
,One way to personalize a joke is to,change,True,the ending . [ 5 ]
,Why not run for a lower office that you would be more likely to win and effect,change,True,?
,Pressure for,change,True,is driven by the wish of women and men to choose their own fate and to improve their chances for a better life .
,This period of,change,True,may last for some time and will be full of challenges .
,Austria welcomes all efforts undertaken by Governments in the region for peaceful and credible,change,True,.
,"We encourage the newly empowered authorities to create a constitutional framework based on democracy and human rights , in order to fulfil their mandate for democratic",change,True,responsibly and peacefully .
,An atom is the smallest unit of an element that can participate in a chemical,change,True,.
,"By the end , Gloria's Gloria 's eczema was so severe that her skin broke every time her parents",changed,True,"her clothes or nappy , and in the words of the Crown prosecutor , Mark Tedeschi , QC , "" Gloria spent a lot of the last five months of her life crying , irritable , scratching and the only thing that gave her solace was to suck on her mother's mother 's breast . """
,In 1902 that Coron was registered as a town and the name of the town was officially,changed,True,from Penon de Coron to Coron .
,"Moreover , electing a third-party governor represents a repudiation of politics as usual , and the major party legislators will face",changed,True,"constraints and incentives , meaning that much more is possible than many people assume , especially with strong leadership ."
,He,changed,True,"his mind , however , before re-embarking on the journey back to Scotland , and after journeying on foot in several parts of what is today Germany , in 1655 he enlisted at Hamburg into the military service of Sweden ."
,"Despite his clear potential and popularity , Pachomius refused to grant Theodorus any kind of authority ; though the old man's man 's failing health soon",changed,True,things forever .
,In 2014 the Italian municipal tax discipline has,changed,True,from the ICI system to the IMU system by the Monti government .
,I've I 've recently,changed,True,"it , and if you've you 've been following my channel for a long time , then you'll you 'll know I'm I 'm really proud of how I color match the pictures on the wall over here with sort of the gray and yellow vibe , the gray and yellow cushions ."
,"Okay next to my bed , I've I 've got the radio alarm clock , and this has actually",changed,True,my life .
,"In the present study , we examine the outcomes of such a period of no exposure on the neurocognition of L2 grammar : that is , whether a substantial period of no exposure leads to decreased proficiency and / or less native-like neural processes ( “ use it or lose it ” [ 20 ] ) , no such",changes,True,", or perhaps whether even higher proficiency and / or more native-like processing may be observed ."
,"Moreover , one study found no",changes,True,"at all in performance , across proficiency levels , after either 2 or 4 years of limited exposure [ 22 ] ."
,The report says the decline in iodine intake appears to be due to,changes,True,"in the dairy industry , where chlorine-containing sanitisers have replaced iodine-containing sanitisers ."
,While most of the sporting venues were located outside the city proper - in various locations throughout Attica - the entire urban area of Athens underwent major lasting,changes,True,that have improved the quality of life for visitors and residents alike .
,"In the past nine months , we have witnessed momentous",changes,True,in the Arab world that nobody expected when we met one year ago .
,"And if atoms are neither created nor destroyed during a chemical change , then the total mass of matter present when matter",changes,True,from one type to another will remain constant ( the law of conservation of matter ) .
,This system can also be used longitudinally to study how the workforce’s workforce ’s composition,changes,True,"over time , which is particularly valuable for evaluating the effectiveness of policies meant to broaden participation or improve retention of faculty ."
,The teachers observed,changes,True,"after the intervention , emphasizing the greater persistence and involvement in school activities , and in some students , improvement in the ability to sustain attention ."
,"But , this data set is only a single snapshot of an evolving and expanding system and hence offers few insights into the",changing,True,composition and diversity trends within these academic fields .
,"Despite his aristocratic origins , L'Enfant closely identified with the United States ,",changing,True,his first name from Pierre to Peter when he first came to the rebelling colonies in 1777 .
,It keeps,changing,True,between narrative and email .
,New Zealand begins process to consider,changing,True,national flag design
,"The New Zealand government intends to hold two referendums to reach a verdict on the flag , at an estimated cost of NZ $ 26 million , although a recent poll found only a quarter of citizens favoured",changing,True,the flag .
,"They estimated by 2050 , increasing population and",changing,True,diet would increase world food needs by 50 percent .
,"However , the situation is rapidly",changing,True,now with Łódź campaigning and redesigning itself as an up-and-coming destination .
,You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with,changing,True,the flavor of the cupcakes .
