"They have other functions , and these functions may",come,True,"into conflict , creating pressures to inflate credentials ."
"By 1965 , Fillmore had",come,True,to acknowledge that semantics plays a crucial role in grammar . [ 6 ]
"Well folks , now I'm I 'm going to show you something else that happens when you change the temperature , and that's that 's where these balloons",come,True,in .
"Or — and watching , people",come,True,"to our place , and doing it and stuff you know ."
“ Can Toph and Len,come,True,over ? ” I ask .
More rain would,come,True,.
"Everyone knew , beyond belief or necessity that the time had",come,True,.
"The young were mostly dead , and the old men had been taken away , they told us , to learn important new things and to",come,True,back when they were ready to contribute fully .
An empire whose costly mistakes would for many years to,come,True,echo into every corner of the known galaxy .
And with those mistakes would,come,True,"death to billions of innocent , unsuspecting lives ."
And knowing that to this sunken place all the dead had,come,True,", I trembled and did not wish again to speak with the lotos-faces ."
"The pseudonym "" Jenna Marbles """,comes,True,"from her mother's mother 's complaint that "" Mourey "" , their legal surname , pulled up only Jenna's Jenna 's videos on Google ."
"The name "" Marbles """,comes,True,"from her dog "" Mr. Marbles "" ."
When someone,comes,True,"up and says , ' Frank , thank you , your work is great . """
The crane accident,comes,True,"just ten days before the beginning of the Hajj , the annual pilgrimage to Mecca , Islam's Islam 's holiest site ."
The report,comes,True,after North and South Korea exchanged artillery fire yesterday .
"In other words , apart from thinking about how we ought to live , and where our moral sense",comes,True,"from , we can also ask what it means to affirm a particular answer to that question , how we could come to know the answer , and whether the answer would be a matter of fact or more like an opinion ."
It usually,comes,True,in that little box ?
Basil,comes,True,"in many different varieties , each of which have a unique flavor and smell ."
When someone,comes,True,"in , say , "" I've I 've got this , "" before you push all of the buttons ."
There's There 's no reason to be nervous when it,comes,True,to IM flirting —
"If you haven't have n't guessed , it",comes,True,from the following :
Stardust is a NASA space capsule that collected samples from,comet,True,"81P/Wild ( also known as "" Wild 2 ) in deep space and landed back on Earth on January 15 , 2006 ."
"The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a",comet,True,"called Wild 2 ( pronounced "" Vilt-two "" — the discoverer was German , I believe ) ."
"And as they swam they sang , their voices born on the winds and the salt and the rain , and we could hear them singing , He is",coming,True,", He is coming ."
"With a flick of the tail they were off , still singing , He is",coming,True,", He is coming , until their voices were lost in the noise of the rain and the water ."
"The waters broke making way for the gnarled head of a whale , spouting water high against the clouds before opening its whiskered maw and in a looming , booming voice called : He is",coming,True,", He is coming ."
He is,coming,True,", He is coming , she sang out ."
"The singing sailors hauled us aboard chanting , He’s He ’s a",coming,True,- ha ! He’s He ’s a coming - ha !
I could see into his head better than I could see into my own ; he was scared that his attackers might think those hands were,coming,True,"up to hit back , that they'd they 'd read it as an act of defiance and hurt him even more ."
"But I think I needed something a little less dark , and there are some quite sombre tales",coming,True,up in the coming weeks .
""" Some people have stories about",coming,True,"from the Earth , "" Veronique said ."
The clans didn't did n't have any stories about,coming,True,from Earth .
I just wanted to know if you had any thoughts on recent NATO actions and the protests,coming,True,"up at the 60th NATO conference , I know you ’re speaking at the counter-conference ."
We read about six hundred to eight hundred headline ideas on a Monday,coming,True,from our staff and a small group of writers outside — a contributing core .
