"The Open Science Framework ( https://osf.io ) , also established in 2011 , provides a web infrastructure to facilitate collaboration and has been used for large replication efforts in psychology ( e.g. , Open Science Collaboration , 2015 ) , which",continue,True,"to make waves in academia ( Laws , 2016 ; Lindsay , 2015 ; Martin & Clarke , 2017 ) and the general media ( Baker , 2015 ; Devlin , 2016 ) ."
We,continue,True,"to depend on this same virtuous cycle : More readers , means more editors , which creates better instructions , leading again to more readers ."
"No , it's it 's really not , so it's it 's really important to be able to get as a many international trips throughout the year to",continue,True,our improvement .
The broadcasts began on August 10 and South Korea says the broadcasts will,continue,True,.
The Government of the Republic of Albania will,continue,True,"to constantly demonstrate its commitment to a full implementation of the standards enshrined in the United Nations and Council of Europe conventions , as well as the relevant documents of regional organizations , such as the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , in which we are playing a very active role ."
We will,continue,True,to do so in the future as well .
To,continue,True,"this long trend is to guarantee tremendous social , cultural , political , and economic upheavals ."
We,continue,True,"to work to keep COVID-19 out , but we are ready if it arrives in our community ."
Continue to hold its feet so the grand experiment can,continue,True,.
"As you mark things off , you will be motivated to",continue,True,"doing so , and seeing it on a regular basis will remind you that your project needs to be done ."
Quinoa will,continue,True,cooking for a bit even after you take it off the heat .
"His father then asked him to study in medicine , and Daniel agreed under the condition that his father would teach him mathematics privately , which they",continued,True,for some time .
"Galois returned to mathematics after his expulsion from the École Normale , although he",continued,True,to spend time in political activities .
"Apparently , however , Galois did not ignore Poisson's Poisson 's advice , as he began collecting all his mathematical manuscripts while still in prison , and",continued,True,"polishing his ideas until his release on 29 April 1832 , [ 12 ] after which he was somehow talked into a duel . [ 8 ]"
"Most prolific during the 1960s , Moreau",continued,True,to appear in films into her 80s .
"After 1949 , she began appearing in films with small parts but",continued,True,"primarily active in the theatre for several years — a year at the Théâtre National Populaire opposite among others Gérard Philipe and Robert Hirsch , then a breakout two years in dual roles in The Dazzling Hour by Anna Bonacci , then Jean Cocteau's Cocteau 's La Machine Infernale and others before another two-year run , this time in Shaw's Shaw 's Pygmalion . [ 6 ]"
"Nida retired in the early 1980s , although he",continued,True,"to give lectures in universities all around the world , and lived in Alpine , Arizona , USA ; Madrid , Spain and Brussels , Belgium ."
His anxiety,continued,True,"to grow with each passing second , every change of the screen doing nothing to abate it ."
As his CO,continued,True,"to pump them up for the critical battle , Chalmers' Chalmers ' head was filled with visions of row upon row of black-clad soldiers ."
Wilkins explained Warhol's Warhol 's obsession with celebrities began when he first collected head shots as a kid and,continued,True,as a passion throughout his life .
"As its "" comeback "" has",continued,True,", the official moniker is now the New American City as Cleveland has rightfully earned the reputation as a model of effective public-private partnership for urban planning ."
"This may seem obvious , but deep , even breathing ( despite the rushing slipstream ) and controlling your heart-rate are essential to your",continued,True,survival .
His legacy,continues,True,"with his many notable students , including Adele Goldberg , Laura Michaelis , Christopher Johnson , Miriam R. L. Petruck , Len Talmy , and Eve Sweetser ."
At age 80 he,continues,True,"to write books ; his latest book , Hegemony or Survival , was a bestseller in non-fiction ."
eHow was and,continues,True,to be the largest and how to website in the world .
"But if it isn't is n't , and Chrome",continues,True,"to surge , IE could fall to fourth place . """
"Started in 1990 , the Taipei lantern festival",continues,True,a 2000 year old tradition of light related festivals marking the end of the Chinese New Year celebrations .
"Internationally , the situation with COVID-19",continues,True,to develop at pace .
"At the same time , our health system",continues,True,its preparations in line with our comprehensive pandemic plan .
"However , in the mid-1980s , Cleveland earned the nickname the "" Comeback City "" as the urban core experienced a dramatic revitalization process that",continues,True,today .
While Cleveland,continues,True,"to play a leading role in building the U.S. industrial base , it has also developed economic prowess in the fields of health care , law , finance , insurance , real estate development , and professional services ."
The Creek Trail connects Rivertrail and,continues,True,east through Broken Arrow to the NSU - Broken Arrow campus .
"Unlike an opossum , the chicken gives an unconvincing act , as it",continues,True,"to blink and breathe in an obvious way . """
"To that end , we are committed to",continuing,True,to work with relevant specialized institutions on elections by fully implementing especially OSCE / Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights ( ODIHR ) recommendations .
