This is exploited by the wing of an aeroplane which is designed to,create,True,an area above its surface where the air velocity increases .
What inspired you to,create,True,a cocktail after the santorum neologism ?
"Santorum the person has been in the news throughout the primary season , and we thought it would be interesting to try to",create,True,"a delicious drink that mimicked the appearance of the Dan Savage meaning of "" santorum . """
"In the interview , Herrick explains what wikiHow is , why he decided to",create,True,"it , how he grew it in size , and why he chose to use a Creative Commons license ( HyperLink ) for his site ."
Why did you decide to,create,True,wikiHow ?
You can,create,True,"worlds , you can study them ."
"Actually I find many connections between mathematics and literature because almost all the thing I told about mathematics are also seen in literature and in writing because when you write you can describe the real world , but you can also",create,True,worlds of fiction .
"According to Wilkins , Warhol was able to reproduce the Polaroid photograph and",create,True,"an enlargement of it , which he then could use to commit the image to the silk screen medium by applying paint or manipulating them further ."
"Makes it hard to throw away , but I'm I 'm gonna gon na",create,True,like a little expired pile down here on the floor .
"Properly-fitted ballet shoes should be snug , but not so tight they cut off blood flow and",create,True,numbness in the feet .
Flowers blooming,create,True,"a hormone change which dramatically reduces the flavor of the leaves , as well as reducing the amount of foliage which grows ."
"For his services his second son James , brigadier of the Russian army , was",created,True,Count of the Holy Roman Empire in 1701 .
She has also,created,True,"items with some of her most memorable quotes printed on them ( e.g. "" what are this "" ) ."
"Readers of the Savage Love advice column selected a new definition for the Senator’s Senator ’s last name , and Savage",created,True,a website SpreadingSantorum.com to promulgate the spread of the phenomenon .
Do you think it was an appropriate form of satire for Dan Savage to popularize the definition of the santorum neologism,created,True,in his advice column ?
When was the Santorum cocktail first,created,True,?
Did you think when you,created,True,it that the Santorum cocktail would receive this news coverage ?
You can walk in worlds,created,True,by the imagination of people .
Jafari said she felt Mohamed had been subject to Islamophobia and her hashtag,created,True,greater awareness about this issue .
"Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves",created,True,.
"It’s It ’s an interesting tool ,",created,True,"to overload/create malformed strings and crash a website’s website ’s database , "" said the post by an unknown author on pigmy ."
"Most important for our knowledge of these peoples , they",created,True,the only known written language in the Western Hemisphere ; researchers have made much progress in interpreting the inscriptions on their temples and pyramids .
"My hope is that over time , internet users will demand this of any site where they invest their time in a way that",creates,True,value for others .
"We continue to depend on this same virtuous cycle : More readers , means more editors , which",creates,True,"better instructions , leading again to more readers ."
Watch as the chemical compound,creates,True,a colorful glow .
The reaction that the luminol and hydrogen peroxide,creates,True,doesn't does n't last long at all -- maybe a couple of minutes .
"Enjambment takes place when a syntactic unit is broken up across two lines of poetry ( Domínguez Caparrós , 2000 : 103 ) , giving rise to different stylistic effects ( e.g. increased emphasis on elements of the broken-up phrase , or contrast between those elements ) , or",creating,True,"double interpretations for the enjambed lines ( García-Paje , 1991 ) ."
"They have other functions , and these functions may come into conflict ,",creating,True,pressures to inflate credentials .
By,creating,True,"a Geofence with an erroneous location from its central location , the device will receive incorrect location notifications ."
"Continually moving southward , the settlers eventually populated both North and South America ,",creating,True,unique cultures that ranged from the highly complex and urban Aztec civilization in what is now Mexico City to the woodland tribes of eastern North America .
Arrogant people counteract this by,creating,True,"an atmosphere that revolves around them , and get angry if they 're reminded of the real world ."
They compensate for this by,creating,True,"the impression that they have a lot of friends - they have a ' quantity , not quality ' mentality ."
The most famous method of working to strict time controls ( known as time-boxing ) involves,creating,True,a list of tasks .
