Ličen has recently joined the Sport Management Program at Washington State University to,develop,True,its sport media and communication research and teaching contents .
"Internationally , the situation with COVID-19 continues to",develop,True,at pace .
"With this agricultural revolution , and the more abundant and reliable food supplies it brought , populations grew and people were able to",develop,True,"a more settled way of life , building permanent settlements ."
Large-scale agriculture and the resultant abundance of food allowed time for people to,develop,True,special trades and skills other than farming .
"( In later chapters , we will",develop,True,this idea by discussing comparative advantage . )
"Dancing ballet is extremely popular throughout the world , and studying ballet can help",develop,True,"strong bodies , spatial and temporal awareness , and improve coordination ."
"Some humans who have , for various reasons , become aware of their impending death ,",develop,True,psychological coping strategies to deal with this ;
Working with a timer is generally regarded by most experts as being one of the best ways to,develop,True,self-discipline and stop procrastination .
"Given that need , we have",developed,True,"software , based on Natural Language Processing , that automatically identifies enjambment in Spanish , and applied it to a corpus of approx. 3750 sonnets by ca. 1000 authors , from the 15th to the 19th century ."
"As future work , we intend to extend this approach to other domains , as well as to use the",developed,True,operators for the automatic improvement of sets of test cases .
"Over time , construction grammar",developed,True,"into a research area of its own , and a number of variants have been proposed over the years by different researchers ."
"Around 4 July 1831 , Poisson declared Galois' Galois ' work "" incomprehensible "" , declaring that "" [ Galois' Galois ' ] argument is neither sufficiently clear nor sufficiently",developed,True,"to allow us to judge its rigor "" ; however , the rejection report ends on an encouraging note : "" We would then suggest that the author should publish the whole of his work in order to form a definitive opinion . "" [ 16 ]"
"Eugene A. Nida ( November 11 , 1914 – August 25 , 2011 ) was a linguist who",developed,True,the dynamic-equivalence Bible-translation theory and one of the founders of the modern discipline of Translation Studies .
Nida also,developed,True,"the componential analysis technique , which split words into their components to help determine equivalence in translation ( e.g. "" bachelor "" = male + unmarried ) ."
"I also have a profile they fill out for me , a mini-MMPI that I",developed,True,", so that I have an idea -- Rebecca and I put it together"
We 're right now using an automated microscope that we,developed,True,several years ago for nuclear astrophysics work to scan the collector in the Cosmic Dust Lab in Building 31 at Johnson Space Center .
"In South America , early civilizations",developed,True,along the coast because the high Andes and the inhospitable Amazon Basin made the interior of the continent less favorable for settlement .
They,developed,True,"a mathematical system , built huge edifices , and devised a calendar that accurately predicted eclipses and solstices and that priest-astronomers used to direct the planting and harvesting of crops ."
The Olmec also,developed,True,"a system of trade throughout Mesoamerica , giving rise to an elite class ."
"Daniel was a son of Johann Bernoulli ( one of the "" early",developers,True,""" of calculus ) and a nephew of Jacob Bernoulli ( who "" was the first to discover the theory of probability "" ) ."
Web,developers,True,face big problems with IE6 .
Utilization of busted CFL in,developing,True,cheap and efficient segmented compact LED bulbs
"In response to the said problem , this project study gives solution to the problem of the society concerning environment , health and safety as well energy conservation , by",developing,True,"a segmented compact light-emitting diode ( SCLED ) bulb from busted CFL that are efficient , economical , and does not contain toxic chemicals ."
This work aimed at,developing,True,"a complete theory of grammar that would fully acknowledge the role of semantics right from the start , while simultaneously adopting constraint-based formalisms as popular in computer science and natural language processing ."
But she was,developing,True,rapidly .
These operators reproduce programming errors that are litely to occur during the,development,True,of this type of applications .
"As a previous step to designing the mutation operators , we analyzed the main technologies used specifically in the",development,True,"of GIS , and we identified typical errors a programmer can introduce during the development ."
The current study will contribute to the,development,True,of further qualitative and quantitative research that will more clearly define the information behaviors of the transmedia fan .
Career,development,True,and later life
"The plots were thin , there was little",development,True,"of character and they were loaded down by excessive sentiment , especially when compared to what she was writing concurrently in her diary ."
"Because when you look historically , at the",development,True,"of humanity , most of our lives we are living on the land ."
"So you have imagination , you have total freedom , you can invent characters , you can invent all kind of",development,True,and surprises and this kind of end of story or another .
With,development,True,"of Microsoft's Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 9 ( IE9 ) browser almost complete , Microsoft announced on Friday that it is time for IE6 users to move away from the antiquated 10-year-old browser ."
"Albania , as one of the 191 signatory countries of the Millennium Declaration , remains fully committed to implementation of the Millennium Development Goals , which have been properly reflected in a national strategy for social and economic",development,True,.
"While Cleveland continues to play a leading role in building the U.S. industrial base , it has also developed economic prowess in the fields of health care , law , finance , insurance , real estate",development,True,", and professional services ."
"However , the real",development,True,of Łódź started with the industrial era at the beginning of the 19th century when the city was chosen to be the heart of the rapidly-growing textile industry .
Our experience of art,develops,True,from the interaction of several cognitive and affective processes ; the beginning of which is a visual scan of the artwork .
