I need all my courage to,die,True,at twenty ! )
"Yet in spite of this somewhat unstable shifting , the Koinonia was ruled peacefully for nearly two decades , at which point Theodorus predicted he would soon",die,True,.
""" I think you did",die,True,", "" said my best and only friend ."
The result that healthy ants,die,True,"sooner when ingesting ROS [ Reactive Oxygen Species , the group of chemicals that includes hydrogen peroxide ] but infected ants die less was obtained in another way ( as you have to ' force feed ' the ROS , as healthy ants , when given the choice , ignore that food-source . )"
"There was a woman , a season ticket holder and a",die,True,hard fan .
"There's There 's a lot of unfunny jokes that are told in a back room , that's that 's why they stay and",die,True,in that back room and don’t do n’t go out in The Onion .
That’s That ’s why we are on the 10th floor to make sure they,die,True,when they get kicked out .
He visited China again between May and June in 1981 after his wife,died,True,in March the same year .
He,died,True,"in Cambridge , Massachusetts ."
"In 1758 , his brother Pierre Joseph",died,True,"at the age of six , and Pierre Charles became the eldest son ."
He,died,True,in 2014 . [ 4 ]
This conjecture is also supported by other letters Galois later wrote to his friends the night before he,died,True,.
"However , the legend of Galois pouring his mathematical thoughts onto paper the night before he",died,True,seems to have been exaggerated . [ 7 ]
He,died,True,"the following morning [ 17 ] at ten o'clock in the Hôpital Cochin ( probably of peritonitis ) , after refusing the offices of a priest ."
"At the end of his life the Tsar , who had visited Gordon frequently during his illness , was with him when he",died,True,", and with his own hands closed his eyes ."
She wrote relatively little as a result of living a brief life — she,died,True,at 24 — but her stories had a large impact on Japanese literature and she is still appreciated by the Japanese public today .
She,died,True,"on November 23 , 1896 , at the age of twenty-four ."
"The protégé of Pope Damasus I , who",died,True,"in December of 384 , Jerome was known for his teachings on Christian moral life , especially to those living in cosmopolitan centers such as Rome ."
"He ministered for a short time among the Tarahumara Indians in Chihuahua , Mexico , until health problems due to an inadequate",diet,True,and the high altitude forced him to leave .
Mom has Cara on a,diet,True,", so of course she wants a cookie ."
For this we basically put colonies on a,diet,True,of either food with medicine or without for a while .
"Members of the Sea Org live a strict lifestyle – with little income , small",diet,True,provided and significant time invested in work per day .
"They estimated by 2050 , increasing population and changing",diet,True,would increase world food needs by 50 percent .
"Corn , or maize , domesticated by 5000 BCE , formed the basis of their",diet,True,.
And I've I 've got some apple juice because this signifies kind of my,diet,True,staples the last few weeks .
