"In fact , many , if not all , the markers of expertise identified by philosophers",enjoy,True,widespread recognition .
"Something a little lighter this week , I hope you",enjoy,True,it .
We were just trying to come up with a topical and funny new cocktail for our customers to laugh about and,enjoy,True,.
You have to have very good teachers in mathematics if you really want to,enjoy,True,and to succeed in it .
People flock to see the lantern scenes and,enjoy,True,"the festival atmosphere as they carry lanterns , given away by the city and bought from street vendors at the event ."
"Cynthia Thompson , curator and director of exhibits at the University of Arkansas , Fayetteville , said , "" These images serve as documentation of people in his every day life and art - one which many of us",enjoy,True,"a glimpse into . """
We have two chairs where we can sit down and sort of,enjoy,True,"the weather when it is a little bit better , um but now it's it 's really cold so just gonna gon na close it ."
Gosier : maybe one of the most interesting places of Guadeloupe to,enjoy,True,nightlife .
"Cheap , full of locals , conducted by fearless drivers , you can",enjoy,True,the beautiful Caribbean panorama to the sound of Guadeloupean zouk music .
It is a fantastic way to,enjoy,True,the beauty and wildlife of the island .
Serve and,enjoy,True,!
It is the same virtuous circle that Wikipedia has,enjoyed,True,.
"Since the fall of communism in Poland , Łódź has not",enjoyed,True,"the rapid economic growth cities like Kraków , Warsaw and Wrocław have experienced , and has had to endure the fall of much of its textile industry , rising unemployment and emigration ( within Poland and abroad ) ."
From the later 1800s to the 1920s Mérida,enjoyed,True,"prosperous boom times fueled by the henequen or sisal plant harvest , which made Yucatán the rope maker to the world ."
Regular tourists who renew their 30 day visa are eligible to depart the country ( to any destination ) and return immediately,enjoying,True,a further 60 days ( 30 days plus a 30 day extension ) .
The city,enjoys,True,a temperate climate and regular seasons .
