,"and in virtue of the authority thereby in me vested , do hereby order and direct the representatives of the different States of the Union to assemble in Musical Hall , of this city , on the 1st day of Feb. next , then and there to make such alterations in the existing laws of the Union as may ameliorate the evils under which the country is laboring , and thereby cause confidence to",exist,True,", both at home and abroad , in our stability and integrity ."
,"In Spanish poetry , the syntactic configurations under which enjambment takes place have been described extensively , and detailed studies on the use of enjambment by individual authors",exist,True,"( see Martínez Cantón , 2011 for an overview ) including , among others Quilis ( 1964 ) , Domínguez Caparrós , ( 2000 ) , Paraíso , ( 2000 ) , Spang ( 1983 ) for a description of enjambment , and Alarcos ( 1966 ) , Senabre ( 1982 ) , Luján ( 2006 ) , Martínez Fernández ( 2010 ) for case-studies on a single author ."
,These institutions do not,exist,True,solely to credential experts .
,"Systems that assess expertise can be manipulated , and many cases of such manipulation",exist,True,"— take the recent example by the University of Malaysia , which attempted to boost metrics by urging its faculty to cite one another [ 28 ] ."
,"It follows from these two basic principles – the ‘ arbitrariness of the sign ’ , and the ‘ selectiveness of particular sound systems ’ – that the words that",exist,True,"in the world's world 's languages should sound quite different from each other , and that the likelihood that there are universal words is extremely small ."
,"On the NATO conference , well I mean the obvious question is why should NATO",exist,True,?
,"In fact you can ask questions about why it should ever have existed , but now why should it",exist,True,.
,"Well that’s that ’s kind of an unending war , so do we want NATO to",exist,True,", do we want there to be a Western military alliance that carries out these activities , with no pretense of defense ?"
,In fact you can ask questions about why it should ever have,existed,True,", but now why should it exist ."
,"Some scholars believe that between nine and fifteen thousand years ago , a land bridge",existed,True,between Asia and North America that we now call Beringia .
,"Identify possible subjects , based on experience , a comparison of",existing,True,"teaching material related to DH ( e.g. The Programming Historian , the Digital Scholarship Training Programme at the British Library and Columbia University's University 's Developing Librarian project ) and the TaDiRAH taxonomy of research activities ;"
,"and in virtue of the authority thereby in me vested , do hereby order and direct the representatives of the different States of the Union to assemble in Musical Hall , of this city , on the 1st day of Feb. next , then and there to make such alterations in the",existing,True,"laws of the Union as may ameliorate the evils under which the country is laboring , and thereby cause confidence to exist , both at home and abroad , in our stability and integrity ."
,In,existing,True,"proposals , we can find both generic and specific mutation operators ."
,Sports in the United States largely reaffirm,existing,True,relations of power in society .
,"It emphasizes consumerism , the belief that success always goes to people who merit it due to their abilities , dedication and qualifications , and reinforces , rather than changes ,",existing,True,"ideas related to gender , ethnicity and nationality ."
,Disabled athletes also challenge,existing,True,"relations of power by displaying dedication , hard work and perseverance in different contexts than those most sports fans are accustomed to ."
,Consider basing your language on an,existing,True,language .
,Get inspiration from,existing,True,alphabets and words .
,There’s There ’s a 24 hour comedy news cycle that,exists,True,on all the late night talk shows .
,Both Ruse’s Ruse ’s and Street’s Street ’s arguments rely on the idea that we should only accept that something,exists,True,if it plays an indispensable explanatory role and there are means to resist these arguments . [ 12 ]
,One of the most famous plants is the dragon's dragon 's blood tree “ dracaena cinnabara ” which,exists,True,only on Socotra and nowhere else on the Earth .
