"If academics with expertise in relevant fields have difficulty assessing whether particular journals or particular publishers are legitimate , one cannot can not reasonably",expect,True,ordinary people to make such judgments .
"In the field of L2 research , given the importance of replication and the 50 calls for replication in L2 research that we identified , one might",expect,True,a substantial number of published replication studies by now .
"Thus , we",expect,True,"that careful phenotypic manipulation of extant birds can open new avenues of experimental investigation into unexplored facets of dinosaur locomotor mechanics and energetics , providing a more nuanced understanding of the relationship between form and function in dinosaur evolution ."
"We’ve We ’ve seen mass strikes all around the world , in countries that we wouldn’t would n’t",expect,True,it .
It’s It ’s more subdued than I think what most people would,expect,True,.
We,expect,True,that the particles will be of order a micron in size .
As you would,expect,True,", our public health service is working hard to contain this first case and limit the risk of any spread of the disease ."
"I've I 've got an app called "" what to",expect,True,""" , put in my , you know , cycle situation and have an estimated due date , which is about mid-September ."
Do not,expect,True,the flashest and latest in rental cars though .
"Insofar as the larger organization , with a broader membership base , can be",expected,True,"to reflect a wider range of expert opinions and a higher degree of expertise , it is reasonable to give its views greater weight than those of the smaller organization ."
"For example , the Frontiers contingent of journals appears legitimate — at least to me — despite the fact that authors are",expected,True,to pay a publication fee . 8
We,expected,True,"that the use of a training session and then the format of the question would guide participants towards evaluating pragmatic felicity over providing truth value judgments , and would result in adult-like interpretations ."
This interesting combination of findings –,expected,True,"hierarchy of difficulty , but differing age of acquisition – is an important addition to our growing cross-linguistic knowledge of SI and could be the result of language-specific differences in the use of SI lexical items or methodological differences ."
"A mutant is a copy of the system in which a change has been done that , in most cases , will lead to a behaviour different than",expected,True,.
The orientation of each limb element to the ground reaction force ( GRF ) indicates the relative contribution of axial and bending forces to external bone loading : a bone perpendicular to the GRF is,expected,True,experience greater bending forces than one parallel to the GRF .
"Because bone adapts to its loading environment [ 19 ] , [ 20 ] , [ 21 ] , geometric information from limb bones , such as lengths and cross-sectional geometry , are",expected,True,"to reflect differences in loading regimes and consequently in behavior and locomotor patterns [ 22 ] , [ 23 ] ."
Longer limbs are,expected,True,"to experience larger bending and torsional moments , so the fact that experimental animals had longer femora suggests that limb verticalization reduces these moments by orienting the bone more parallel to the GRF line of action ."
"We argue that our experimental approach , although not perfect , was effective in displacing the CoM and recreating locomotor patterns",expected,True,in non-avian theropods .
one comment thread where fans were,expected,True,to be shocked by the outcome of the episode and one comment thread where fans had hotly anticipated it .
Canadian passports must be valid for at least one month beyond the date of,expected,True,departure ( [ 2 ] ) .
"On October 10 , 2011 , the couple announced that they were",expecting,True,their first child together .
Last Year over 4 million visitors attended the event and this year the city,expects,True,about 6 million visitors according to the event website .
