,"We are not setting out to turn them into programmers or data crunchers , but want to boost their knowledge level to where they",feel,True,"comfortable providing information about DH projects , follow the literature and research , follow online tutorials and hopefully take up the challenge of finishing this professional development by engaging with the DH community ."
,"Get feedback from researchers on possible subjects , based on the knowledge and skills they",feel,True,librarians need ;
,"My father put his hand on top of my hair , his palm on my head , and I could",feel,True,"the bone of my skull and my skin and his hot palm , so dry and strong ."
,I wanted to,feel,True,"the rough edge of the pocket of his coat against my cheek , but I was too tall ."
,But since I,feel,True,"kind of crappy today I'm I 'm just going to go home , hang out , rest ( ambulance was a little loud sorry ) ."
,There is no denying that there are words which we,feel,True,instinctively to be adequate to express the ideas they stand for . ”
,I,feel,True,so bad because I was so in the zone that I didn't did n't even get her name .
,"So if you do go to FGCU and you ever see me on campus , like",feel,True,free to say hi because you'll you 'll make my day .
,"I did not go near my father but kept my hand in my pocket ,",feeling,True,the soft leather glove .
,"Alright so I've I 've been here just crushing ultrasounds , and today I've I 've been",feeling,True,"a little under the weather so I've I 've been , like , yeah , I've I 've been like crushing these all day today and then I'll I 'll show you what else I've I 've been ."
,He remembered,feeling,True,resentful that she was crying and he did not even understand why .
,Chalmers was,feeling,True,forced to accept the truth : they were all that was left of the Imperial Naval Forces .
,"If you look at the rooms , there's there 's all the accouterments you'd you 'd find in these types of places -- but more than anything , there's there 's a lot of good",feeling,True,around here .
,"To me , the ultimate",feeling,True,"of success as an artist , is to move somebody enough where they thank you ."
,"So that also then helped me to make the decision that I do want to document this , but I'm I 'm probably going to do it , like , with hindsight , so I check in every now and again and just let you know how I've I 've been",feeling,True,.
,But in terms of if I am sick or I'm I 'm not,feeling,True,"great , I'm I 'm not gonna gon na vlog whilst I feel like that ."
,"Ah , the sun",feels,True,so good on the face .
,Try different things out and see what,feels,True,"right , what sounds best ."
,I think it's it 's like this part on the left foot because my foot,feels,True,"super tight in only the left side , so something's something 's up because they 're both the right size but I don't do n't know ."
,"All in all , my story",feels,True,very light .
,"The kind of moral realism that Street has in mind is the view that moral properties exist as objective features of the world ( to wit , whether stealing is wrong is independent of whether anyone thinks or",feels,True,that stealing is wrong ) .
