From a systematic comparison of 10 spoken languages from 5 continents we,find,True,"evidence suggesting that a word like ‘ Huh ? ’ – used as a ‘ repair initiator ’ when , for example , one has not clearly heard what someone just said [ 5 ] , [ 6 ] – is a universal word ."
In fact the variation in form in unrelated languages across the globe is about the same as the variation we,find,True,"in the way any regular word ( e.g. , dog ) is pronounced across dialects of English ."
"Thus , in contrast to what has been presumed for interjections in general [ 7 ] , [ 8 ] and for huh ? in particular [ 9 ] , [ 10 ] , we",find,True,that this item is linguistic in nature rather than being a mere grunt or non-lexical sound .
"In existing proposals , we can",find,True,both generic and specific mutation operators .
Maybe this is not surprising considering that a recent study analyzing the relationship between posture and femur cross-sectional properties failed to,find,True,"differences between birds and non-avian theropods [ 24 ] , suggesting that simple morphological correlates of limb posture should be used with caution ."
Often I would,find,True,"myself entering those crypts , deep dug in the earth , with their walls on either side lined with the bodies of the dead , where everything was so dark that almost it seemed as though the Psalmist's Psalmist 's words were fulfilled , Let them go down quick into Hell . [ 14 ]"
"Nida brings in the reminder that while there are no such things as "" identical equivalents "" in translating , what one must in translating seek to do is",find,True,"the "" closest natural equivalent "" ."
"Well , we 're gonna gon na have to",find,True,"somewhere , to get , something"
Think we can,find,True,a hot dog ?
To,find,True,"anyone still proud , anyone who believed in giants or shame , was hilarious ."
"A starfighter hurtled through the scattered metal , the pilot desperate to",find,True,a way to stop himself from joining the ever growing population of this interstellar graveyard .
"On the surface , it does seem as if there is variability and perhaps a larger sample size or more items could lead to a significant",finding,True,"( see limitations below ) , but at least for this study , the only significant finding was the difference between cardinal numbers and some ."
His hands were,finding,True,their way through the armholes of his robe .
Then Earth,finds,True,"us again . """
