,They also sometimes,focus,True,"on how we organize thoughts and information gathered from our environments into meaningful categories of thought , which will be discussed later ."
,Personal experiences of discrimination and bias have been the,focus,True,of much social science research . [ 1 - 3 ]
,In 1881 he shifted his,focus,True,"completely to languages , and in 1887 earned his master's master 's degree in French , with English and Latin as his secondary languages ."
,"The events in the Arab world notwithstanding , we must continue to",focus,True,on the Middle East peace process .
,Which elements of specific artworks do they,focus,True,on ?
,This,focus,True,stemmed from his close patron relationships with several prominent female ascetics who were members of affluent senatorial families . [ 7 ]
,"First , specialization in a particular small job allows workers to",focus,True,on the parts of the production process where they have an advantage .
,The ultimate result of workers who can,focus,True,"on their preferences and talents , learn to do their specialized jobs better , and work in larger organizations is that society as a whole can produce and consume far more than if each person tried to produce all of his or her own goods and services ."
,His early work,focused,True,"primarily on language teaching reform and on phonetics , but he is best known for his later work on syntax and on language development ."
,While studies of the psychology of art have,focused,True,"on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes ."
,"Because assembling such a full census is difficult , past studies have tended to avoid this task and have instead used samples of researchers [ 8 – 11 ] , usually specific to a particular field [ 12 – 16 ] , and often",focused,True,"on the scientific elite [ 17 , 18 ] ."
,"In many cases , he",focused,True,his attention on the lives of women and identified how a woman devoted to Jesus should live her life .
,"Nida's Nida 's dynamic-equivalence theory is often held in opposition to the views of philologists who maintain that an understanding of the source text ( ST ) can be achieved by assessing the inter-animation of words on the page , and that meaning is self-contained within the text ( i.e. much more",focused,True,on achieving semantic equivalence ) .
,The doctor has an injection gun and while my mother is,focused,True,"on my daughter , she puts it firmly against my mother’s mother ’s arm and puts the chip in ."
,We are run as a Hybrid Organization - a for-profit company,focused,True,on achieving a social good .
,Our community culture is,focused,True,on wikiLove and civility .
,This paper describes a collaborative pilot project,focusing,True,on a unique collection of 17th Century Zurbarán paintings .
,"Finally , our study complements Navarro’s Navarro ’s ( 2016 ) automatic metrical analyses of Spanish Golden Age sonnets , by covering a wider period and",focusing,True,on enjambment .
,Their paper highlighted the merits of such a theory of by,focusing,True,on the ' let alone ' construction .
,"By adopting contemporary legislation and by becoming a party to other recently adopted international instruments on human rights , Albania has associated itself with countries that are enforcing a number of national strategies and programmes",focusing,True,"on specific population groups , especially women , children , persons in need and minorities , among others ."
