"Although initially denied passage to Tabennese by a Pachomian monk due to his wealthy background , Theodorus opted to",follow,True,"the visiting monk , and his persistence ( and lack of obedience ) paid off ."
"And the lips of the dead lotos-faces whispered sadly , and bade me",follow,True,", nor did I cease my steps till the stream became a river , and joined amidst marshes of swaying reeds and beaches of gleaming sand the shore of a vast and nameless sea ."
Make sure that you and your friend(s) all,follow,True,a systematic language system .
"In other words , make sure that you",follow,True,the same guidelines .
"When starting off ,",follow,True,closely to a language you like .
Just be sure to,follow,True,through with your deadline rather than ignoring it when your alarm finally goes off .
"Then , our corpus and system are described ,",followed,True,by an evaluation of the system .
This is,followed,True,by a repetition of the original statement by G .
This was,followed,True,"by a memoir on the theory of the tides , to which , conjointly with the memoirs by Euler and Colin Maclaurin , a prize was awarded by the French Academy : these three memoirs contain all that was done on this subject between the publication of Isaac Newton's Newton 's Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica and the investigations of Pierre-Simon Laplace ."
"Goode was educated at Exeter School , an independent school in Exeter , Devon , [ 4 ]",followed,True,by the University of Birmingham and London's London 's Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art .
Elevator to the Gallows ( 1958 ) with first-time director Louis Malle was,followed,True,"by Malle's Malle 's The Lovers ( Les Amants , 1959 ) . [ 7 ]"
But I,followed,True,"the traveler , into the wet streets ."
"My spirits recovered , and as soon as I had got into my habit , I",followed,True,him to the garden I have already told about .
The preservation was not unorthodox - they,followed,True,best practices for anatomical preservation .
Those who've who 've never heard of this will be amazed to see a chicken lie perfectly still after these instructions are,followed,True,.
The referee should ensure that rules are being,followed,True,.
"Quilis ( 1964 ) performed poetry reading experiments , proposing that the",following,True,"strongly connected elements give rise to enjambment , should a poetic-form pause break them up :"
He died the,following,True,"morning [ 17 ] at ten o'clock in the Hôpital Cochin ( probably of peritonitis ) , after refusing the offices of a priest ."
"In that same year he became interim pastor of Calvary Church of Santa Ana , California",following,True,the resignation of its founding pastor .
After Theodorus had been assisting Pachomius at Tabennese for several years,following,True,"his demotion , Pachomius became very ill and seemed to be on the verge of death ."
"Although disability is not contagious , interest in disabled sports might put into question the masculinity of the males",following,True,it .
A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated : will NBC have its best sports broadcasters,following,True,the event after having worked the Winter Olympics ?
"He described Montalvo as an individual , "" facing the penitentiary in thanks for the",following,True,"sins : a) Leaving a lifehood of slavery to get a taste of freedom and the world . b) Refusing - despite every provocation and incentive and threat - to frame three guys who went out of their ways ( and dipped into their pockets ) to help the kid achieve that freedom . """
"Traffic to the Scientology website had already increased 18-fold prior to the attack ,",following,True,increased attention after the Tom Cruise video appeared on the Internet .
1. Which of the,following,True,Indian peoples built homes in cliff dwellings that still exist ?
"I've I 've recently changed it , and if you've you 've been",following,True,"my channel for a long time , then you'll you 'll know I'm I 'm really proud of how I color match the pictures on the wall over here with sort of the gray and yellow vibe , the gray and yellow cushions ."
"If you haven't have n't guessed , it comes from the",following,True,:
Our study is organized as,follows,True,.
It,follows,True,"from these two basic principles – the ‘ arbitrariness of the sign ’ , and the ‘ selectiveness of particular sound systems ’ – that the words that exist in the world's world 's languages should sound quite different from each other , and that the likelihood that there are universal words is extremely small ."
"Albeit limited , these results provide valuable insight into SI interpretation by Chitonga-speaking children and demonstrate that pragmatic inference acquisition likely",follows,True,"the order identified in previous research , but appears to be completed at a later age in this language ."
"She tries to sit down , but I just keep on tugging and she",follows,True,"me , gulping and wailing ."
You might therefore wish to start right in on the first page of text that,follows,True,and only then return to this introduction .
Rivertrail,follows,True,the Arkansas River from downtown Tulsa south to the suburbs .
"If you are looking for a good workout , the Creek Turnpike Trail",follows,True,the land's land 's original contours .
