"Quilis ( 1964 ) performed poetry reading experiments , proposing that the following strongly connected elements",give,True,"rise to enjambment , should a poetic-form pause break them up :"
"Insofar as the larger organization , with a broader membership base , can be expected to reflect a wider range of expert opinions and a higher degree of expertise , it is reasonable to",give,True,its views greater weight than those of the smaller organization .
"On the other hand , extant newspaper clippings from only a few days after the duel",give,True,"a description of his opponent ( identified by the initials "" L. D. "" ) that appear to more accurately apply to one of Galois' Galois ' Republican friends , most probably Ernest Duchatelet , who was imprisoned with Galois on the same charges . [ 21 ]"
"Nida retired in the early 1980s , although he continued to",give,True,"lectures in universities all around the world , and lived in Alpine , Arizona , USA ; Madrid , Spain and Brussels , Belgium ."
to,give,True,information on both form and content ;
Please,give,True,me your itinerary after the show .
"The doctor swabs her upper arm with antiseptic and says , “ I’m I ’m going to",give,True,"you something to numb it , okay ? ”"
“ They ’re going to,give,True,you an injection . ”
Just,give,True,us the gold and we’ll we ’ll let you go … ”
Could be I,give,True,so many talks I can’t ca n’t remember .
"They do make a host of florescent proteins , and these may interact with the light of the ROV to",give,True,that gorgeous glow .
"Essentially , this method",gives,True,"us a natural control over conversational data , making possible systematic comparison across languages [ 12 ] , [ 13 ] ."
"In response to the said problem , this project study",gives,True,"solution to the problem of the society concerning environment , health and safety as well energy conservation , by developing a segmented compact light-emitting diode ( SCLED ) bulb from busted CFL that are efficient , economical , and does not contain toxic chemicals ."
"Originally buried in the Foreign Quarter , his remains were reinterred at Azov in 1877 , with an inscription in German which mistakenly",gives,True,"his rank as Oberst , Colonel ."
This,gives,True,us the data to do a so-called survival analysis .
Having been a psychologist for a number of years,gives,True,me a leg up on it .
This,gives,True,a little context .
"This fact , Street claims ,",gives,True,rise to a dilemma for moral realists concerning the relation of the evolutionary forces that influenced our moral judgments and the moral facts claimed to exist by moral realists .
"Audio-visual displays , detailed exhibits ,",gives,True,visitors a sense of what this town was like centuries ago .
"Unlike an opossum , the chicken",gives,True,"an unconvincing act , as it continues to blink and breathe in an obvious way . """
"Try the "" white rice "" option if your rice cooker",gives,True,you several options .
"Enjambment takes place when a syntactic unit is broken up across two lines of poetry ( Domínguez Caparrós , 2000 : 103 ) ,",giving,True,"rise to different stylistic effects ( e.g. increased emphasis on elements of the broken-up phrase , or contrast between those elements ) , or creating double interpretations for the enjambed lines ( García-Paje , 1991 ) ."
"She was described by The Guardian of London as the ' Queen of the curve ' , who "" liberated architectural geometry ,",giving,True,"it a whole new expressive identity . """
He's He 's,giving,True,you some problems over there .
"The Olmec also developed a system of trade throughout Mesoamerica ,",giving,True,rise to an elite class .
"In other words , show that you 're attracted to this person by",giving,True,"him or her a great conversation , not by stating it outright ."
