"You mean , how did we manage to make it all",happen,True,"so quickly , right ? :)"
"Anyway , you don't do n't have a choice on how you get there , unless you",happen,True,to own an aeroplane .
"This is called "" bolting "" and is more likely to",happen,True,when there's there 's extra sunshine .
"Oh my gosh , eight balloons into this little container here , I bet you 're wondering r- how that",happened,True,.
"You remember the last time , that's that 's what",happened,True,.
It was not very hard to explain what really,happened,True,", he thought ."
There was some horrible fate impending for Sonia and I had to kill her before something worse,happened,True,.
"“ Robert , this sort of thing never",happened,True,in San Francisco . ”
""" What",happened,True,"? Did your dog eat it ? "" he said , making a joke ."
"Well I think that’s that ’s a pretty good question ; I don’t do n’t see why it should , I mean there happens to be no other military alliance remotely comparable — if there",happened,True,to be one I’d I ’d be opposed to that too .
And then in 2010 we just ... I don't do n't know what,happened,True,.
""" Had it",happened,True,"an hour later it would have been much worse , "" Khaled Al-Maeena , editor at large at the Saudi Gazette , said ."
""" Had it",happened,True,"five hours earlier or four hours earlier , I think the death toll would have been more than a thousand . """
The stampede at Islam's Islam 's most holy site,happened,True,"at Jamarat Bridge , during an event where pebbles are thrown at a pillar to represent the stoning of Satan as part of the final rites of the Hajj ."
I turned to Whitman to find some understanding of what is,happening,True,in the world right now .
The mixture will now curdle and this is what should be,happening,True,.
"Well folks , now I'm I 'm going to show you something else that",happens,True,"when you change the temperature , and that's that 's where these balloons come in ."
"I mean , it — that's that 's just kinda how it",happens,True,", you know , because he kinda has to tell you ..."
"Well I think that’s that ’s a pretty good question ; I don’t do n’t see why it should , I mean there",happens,True,to be no other military alliance remotely comparable — if there happened to be one I’d I ’d be opposed to that too .
What goes through your head when that,happens,True,?
This,happens,True,"when you question ( or at least seem to question ) their appearance , intelligence , athletic abilities , or anything else relating to their self-image ."
When that,happens,True,", all the substances create a rave and start partying and electrons fly everywhere and what results ?"
