She thought she could,hear,True,Gomez laughing .
"And as they swam they sang , their voices born on the winds and the salt and the rain , and we could",hear,True,"them singing , He is coming , He is coming ."
How did you first,hear,True,about the definition of the santorum neologism that grew out of the contest from the Savage Love advice column ?
Cheer the team today ; ( your boys in orange and blue ) Let them,hear,True,you shout as they fight for what's what 's mightily due
We,hear,True,much of special interest groups .
"And I just think it didn't did n't help me seeing people at their worst at the very beginning , because all you",hear,True,is doom and gloom .
This is referred to in the emblem and when you,hear,True,"the dwellers of Łódź ( łodzianin ( man ) łodzianka ( woman ) łodzianie ( plural ) ) calling themselves "" the boat people "" ."
"From a systematic comparison of 10 spoken languages from 5 continents we find evidence suggesting that a word like ‘ Huh ? ’ – used as a ‘ repair initiator ’ when , for example , one has not clearly",heard,True,"what someone just said [ 5 ] , [ 6 ] – is a universal word ."
"There were plans to initiate an uprising during his funeral , but during the same time frame the leaders",heard,True,"of General Jean Maximilien Lamarque's Lamarque 's death , and the rising was postponed without any uprising occurring until 5 June ."
Never before have I,heard,True,"it , add or subtract energy , or , heat , change the temperature , basically ."
We,heard,True,"a fearsome creaking and cracking and before our eyes a great patch of sky peeled away , deeping down in the troughs and riding the crests with torn sails set against the wind ."
And it was in a grandmother bar by the waterfront — sipping hot tea with rum and watching over the shoulders of dockworkers playing mah-jongg — that I first,heard,True,of the valley of giants .
"Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz , which suggests ( and most people who’ve who ’ve",heard,True,of it suppose ) that the wedding is Christian’s Christian ’s .
"I was awake and lying in bed next morning , looking idly at the wonderful images and inscriptions all around my room , when suddenly I",heard,True,"the sound of trumpets , as if a procession were already underway ."
The best analogy I’ve I ’ve,heard,True,"is when Rob Siegel , former editor-in-chief , likened it to wine tasting ."
Psychology major at University of Texas Arlington Amneh Jafari,heard,True,of the incident and wanted to issue her support to Mohamed .
Cuz I actually did not know and actually didn't did n't realize what that symbol meant until I,heard,True,other people talking about it and I was like wait what ? .
Those who've who 've never,heard,True,of this will be amazed to see a chicken lie perfectly still after these instructions are followed .
We observe that this item fulfils a crucial need shared by all languages – the efficient signalling of problems of,hearing,True,and understanding – and we propose that its form is constrained by selective pressures in a conversational environment that is essentially the same in all languages .
Chao possessed a natural gift for,hearing,True,"fine distinctions in pronunciation that was said to be "" legendary for its acuity "" , enabling him to record the sounds of various dialects with a high degree of accuracy ."
Upon,hearing,True,"of the Stuart restoration , Gordon left the Polish service , but found himself unable to obtain military employment in Scotland or England . [ 1 ]"
"Unfortunately for the would-be leader , Pachomius recovered , and upon",hearing,True,"of Theodorus’ Theodorus ’ decision , exiled the ambitious young man ."
I had buried my parents in their gray marble mausoleum at the,heart,True,of the city .
"Not long before he had been standing on the flight deck of his deployment carrier , amongst the other pilots , his",heart,True,"pumping in his ears , his hands sweating as he awaited the order to board his fighter ."
It suggested a talent for daily organization that filled Carroll's Carroll 's,heart,True,with admiration and lust .
Now I was ready to make and to bake – only in my,heart,True,", actually – a small , perfect unleavened wafer to eat with my beloved Paschal Lamb ."
"All of a sudden a terrible wind blew up , so strong that I thought the hill my little house was built on would be blown apart – but I ’d seen the Devil do things as bad as this before ( the Devil had often tried to harm me ) , so I took",heart,True,and went on meditating .
"The birds sang so beautifully , the young deer skipped so happily , that it gladdened my old",heart,True,", and I couldn't could n't help singing too ..."
"This pattern holds true for many workers , including assembly line laborers who build cars , stylists who cut hair , and doctors who perform",heart,True,surgery .
"However , the real development of Łódź started with the industrial era at the beginning of the 19th century when the city was chosen to be the",heart,True,of the rapidly-growing textile industry .
""" When a chicken or another animal with this tendency becomes frightened , its",heart,True,rate lowers and it stops moving .
