,I could not,help,True,"arching my back a little , I wanted to push against his hand like a cat but the instinct that comes with being thirteen , the half-understood caution that makes a girl timid , or wild , the shyness told me to just walk ."
,"and she was always really shy to show that off to people , and I wanted to",help,True,"her show that stuff , and I wanted to bring it out to the world ."
,"However , despite their child's child 's severe illness , and her lack of improvement , the Sams continued to shun conventional medical treatment , instead seeking",help,True,from other homeopaths and naturopaths .
,"We need to "" make sure there's there 's sufficient iodine added into the food supply , to",help,True,those people with a deficiency .
,"Oh and PS , I usually try to avoid taking medicines that I can't ca n't read the name of but I had someone",help,True,me at the pharmacy in the airport .
,This will,help,True,keep them from twisting up during the wash .
,"He was inspired by the work of Danish philologist Rasmus Rask as a boy , and with the",help,True,"of Rask's Rask 's grammars taught himself some Icelandic , Italian , and Spanish ."
,It will,help,True,"inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . """
,"The Aristotelian view of the composition of matter held sway for over two thousand years , until English schoolteacher John Dalton",helped,True,to revolutionize chemistry with his hypothesis that the behavior of matter could be explained using an atomic theory .
,Has the internet,helped,True,or hurt magic ?
,I think it has,helped,True,"draw younger people to magic as a hobby , but I think it has hurt the ability of young magicians to think because so many rely on the internet for everything and they aren't are n't reading the books ."
,University of Texas Arlington Muslim Student Association president Sehar Memon said the large amount of positive feedback for Mohamed had,helped,True,make his situation much better .
,Memon also said she believed the social movement in reaction to Mohamed,helped,True,improve Muslim / non-Muslim .
,"Montalvo contacted former members of Scientology , who",helped,True,him leave the organization and get in touch with Devocht .
,Evolutionary ethics has,helped,True,us to get a much clearer sense of where the human moral sense is coming from .
,"Though the area had no overarching political structure , trade over long distances",helped,True,diffuse culture .
,"Right now , yeah , he's he 's",helping,True,us right now .
,"In 1696 , Gordon's Gordon 's design of a "" moveable rampart "" played a key role in",helping,True,the Russians take Azov . [ 3 ]
,Since being a good friend to someone usually means,helping,True,"them , they often can't ca n't stand the thought of a good friendship ."
,"If you 're really ambitious , set a goal of",helping,True,others become fluent in the language .
,It also,helps,True,to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .
,"You know , the horse kinda",helps,True,"you out , because it , has that little white line right there ."
,"As soon as I came off the pill my period came back pretty regularly and I started tracking my periods just because I knew the pregnancy was something that eventually we would want , and I know that it",helps,True,if you've you 've been tracking your period so you know your cycle .
,This,helps,True,the plants grow bushy .
