"This system can also be used longitudinally to study how the workforce’s workforce ’s composition changes over time , which is particularly valuable for evaluating the effectiveness of policies meant to broaden participation or",improve,True,retention of faculty .
Other studies specifically investigate the use of digital games in the school context and suggest potential for digital game use to,improve,True,"of student's student 's attention span at preschool age ( Rueda , Checa , & Cómbita , 2012 ) , to improve overall intelligence capacity of elementary school children ( Miller & Robertson , 2010 ) , and to better performance of working memory ability ( Klingberg et al. , 2005 ; Thorell , Lindqvist , Nutley , Bohlin , & Klingberg , 2009 ) ."
Additional training with the methodology could,improve,True,outcomes .
Those few TwenCen relics who still believed in God also held that one shouldn't should n't try to,improve,True,upon His handiwork .
"Second , we attracted millions of readers via the virtuous circle of wiki editing : We had some articles of mixed quality , and editors joined to",improve,True,"those articles , which in turn attracted more readers ."
"All in all , I think this is a terrific opportunity to",improve,True,sports coverage in a multitude of aspects ; but we will have to wait until after the event to assess to what extent the broadcasters will meet these expectations .
Memon also said she believed the social movement in reaction to Mohamed helped,improve,True,Muslim / non-Muslim .
Construction was underway at the mosque in order to enlarge the mosque and,improve,True,"crowd control , which has been a recurring problem during Mecca's Mecca 's pilgrimages ."
""" An air-quality cleanup would",improve,True,crop yields [...]
"Ozone is something that we understand the causes of , and the steps that need to be taken to",improve,True,"air quality . """
"Dancing ballet is extremely popular throughout the world , and studying ballet can help develop strong bodies , spatial and temporal awareness , and",improve,True,coordination .
"As an example , research shows that greater diversity within a community or group can lead to",improved,True,"critical thinking [ 1 ] and more creative solutions to complex tasks [ 2 , 3 ] by pairing together individuals with unique skillsets and perspectives that complement and often augment the abilities of their peers ."
The flavor of icing or frosting can be,improved,True,by adding a little of your favorite juice to it instead of soy milk or water .
"The system is capable of collecting census data for an entire academic field in just a few hours using off-the-shelf computing hardware , a vast",improvement,True,over the roughly 1600 hours required to do this task by hand [ 19 ] .
"Cognitive games involve a number of different games working aspects of human cognition , while proposing the intersection between the sets of concepts , fun and cognition , for the",improvement,True,of cognitive functions .
With respect to the contributions of digital games to,improvement,True,"of cognitive processes , researchers suggest that regular practice has a significant influence on improving the performance related to basic visual skills ( Li , Polat , Scalzo , & Bavelier , 2010 ) ; on the ability to perceive objects simultaneously ( Dye & Bavelier , 2010 ; Feng , Spence , & Pratt , 2007 ) ; and on the ability to do more than one task at the same time ( Boot , Kramer , Simons , Fabiani , & Gratton , 2008 ) ."
"We aim to investigate the contributions of the use of a system that integrates cognitive digital games to a database , of the Escola do Cérebro , for monitoring and",improvement,True,"of cognitive skills , highlighting the attention ."
The result indicates significant,improvement,True,"in the performance of the sustained attention in the test , as well as a high dispersion , which reveals a variation in relation to the performance ."
"The teachers observed changes after the intervention , emphasizing the greater persistence and involvement in school activities , and in some students ,",improvement,True,in the ability to sustain attention .
"From this , we conclude that an intervention based on cognitive digital games offers contributions to the learning process and",improvement,True,of sustained attention .
"As future work , we intend to extend this approach to other domains , as well as to use the developed operators for the automatic",improvement,True,of sets of test cases .
"No , it's it 's really not , so it's it 's really important to be able to get as a many international trips throughout the year to continue our",improvement,True,.
The use of correct and appropriate type of light bulb,improves,True,the efficiency of energy usage .
"With respect to the contributions of digital games to improvement of cognitive processes , researchers suggest that regular practice has a significant influence on",improving,True,"the performance related to basic visual skills ( Li , Polat , Scalzo , & Bavelier , 2010 ) ; on the ability to perceive objects simultaneously ( Dye & Bavelier , 2010 ; Feng , Spence , & Pratt , 2007 ) ; and on the ability to do more than one task at the same time ( Boot , Kramer , Simons , Fabiani , & Gratton , 2008 ) ."
"Thus , our overall aim is to provide conceptual clarification and an empirical base for future discussion and production of replication studies , with a view to",improving,True,the amount and quality of L2 replication research .
I can report to the House that they are currently in a stable and,improving,True,condition at Auckland Hospital .
