Future studies need to,include,True,more participants and more items to increase power .
Future studies should also,include,True,a larger age range of children to document the age at which adult-like performance emerges .
Other notable film roles,include,True,"The Lookout ( 2007 ) , A Single Man ( 2009 ) , Cemetery Junction ( 2010 ) , Stoker ( 2013 ) , Belle ( 2013 ) , The Imitation Game ( 2014 ) and Self/less ( 2015 ) ."
His most notable television roles,include,True,"Henry Talbot in the final season of historical period drama Downton Abbey , and Finley "" Finn "" Polmar in the CBS legal drama The Good Wife ."
Her major works,include,True,"the aquatic centre for the London 2012 Olympics , Michigan State University's University 's Broad Art Museum in the US , and the Guangzhou Opera House in China ."
Topics,include,True,"stories of growing up , conspiracy theories , YouTubers and other general topics ."
The main ingredients of the Santorum drink,include,True,"vodka of an orange citrus variety , Baileys Irish Cream , and Angostura bitters ."
"Do you want to limit the scope of LibriVox strictly to old public domain works , or do you have plans to",include,True,recent works under reasonably permissive licenses as well ?
University collections across the United States also,include,True,"Polaroids of "" unknowns "" who have not yet had their fifteen minutes of fame ."
The model does not,include,True,"the effect of rising carbon dioxide concentration , which has complex and potentially offsetting impacts on global food supply ."
Tourists can choose to purchase camping tour packages which,include,True,a driver or guide that will show tourists around the beaches as well as provide meals during their stay .
Bantu languages are not,included,True,in studies of acquisition often enough despite the numerous languages in this linguistic grouping and the millions of people using them .
"In the current study , the responses from two children were not",included,True,because they responded the same way to every item through the training and all test items .
The cardinal numbers,included,True,"in this study were only one through five in order to avoid additional item variability , but larger numbers should be included in future research ."
"In some fields , a flourishing metascience , that is , the scientific study of science ( see Munafò et al. , 2017 ) , has",included,True,"syntheses assessing the quantity and nature of replication efforts , for example , in education ( Makel & Plucker , 2014 and in psychology ( Makel et al. , 2012 ) ."
The rescued members,included,True,"Bangladeshis and Rohingya , a stateless minority of Muslims from Myanmar ."
Hamill's Hamill 's schedule,included,True,"a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker ."
Other charitable fan-based groups,included,True,"The Ontario Ghostbusters , Doctor Who Society of Canada , and Klingon Assault Group ."
"Claudio De Vincenti , undersecretary to the prime minister , said "" a discussion table will be opened with the non-profit associations , religious association",included,True,""" ( ( it ) ) ."
The successful UNC Greensboro exhibit,included,True,Polaroids of author Truman Capote and singer-songwriter Carly Simon .
The project site,includes,True,"Quilis’s Quilis ’s complete list of syntactic environments that can trigger enjambment , as well as the types identified by our system ."
"The result that healthy ants die sooner when ingesting ROS [ Reactive Oxygen Species , the group of chemicals that",includes,True,"hydrogen peroxide ] but infected ants die less was obtained in another way ( as you have to ' force feed ' the ROS , as healthy ants , when given the choice , ignore that food-source . )"
"I am curious about the population structure of the "" fields "" of anemones - the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs",includes,True,"many species that reproduce asexually , and it's it 's possible that the fields are "" clones "" produced asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction ."
"You mentioned Larry Lessig's Lessig 's Free Culture , but it also",includes,True,"some out of print titles by publishers who are open to the concept , such as O'Reilly ."
The exhibit at USI,includes,True,"Polaroids of actor Dennis Hopper ; musician Nick Rhodes of Duran Duran ; publishers Jann Wenner of Rolling Stone Magazine and Carlo De Benedetti of Italy's Italy 's la Repubblica ; disco club owner Steve Rubell of Studio 54 ; photographers Nat Finkelstein , Christopher Makos and Felice Quinto ; and athletes Vitas Gerulaitis ( tennis ) and Jack Nicklaus ( golf ) ."
This town is comprised of a large residential community that,includes,True,"Fort Lee natives , transplants from New York , and immigrants , especially from Korea ."
"For many of us , this",includes,True,"small chores , like taking out the trash or pulling a few weeds , but can include simple tasks in all areas of life ."
"Past studies establish that each of these efforts is strongly and positively influenced through various forms of faculty diversity ,",including,True,"ethnic , racial , and gender diversity ."
"Most fields , on the other hand ,",including,True,"computer science , lack a single all-encompassing organization and membership information is instead distributed across many disjoint lists , such as web-based faculty directories for individual departments ."
"In Spanish poetry , the syntactic configurations under which enjambment takes place have been described extensively , and detailed studies on the use of enjambment by individual authors exist ( see Martínez Cantón , 2011 for an overview )",including,True,", among others Quilis ( 1964 ) , Domínguez Caparrós , ( 2000 ) , Paraíso , ( 2000 ) , Spang ( 1983 ) for a description of enjambment , and Alarcos ( 1966 ) , Senabre ( 1982 ) , Luján ( 2006 ) , Martínez Fernández ( 2010 ) for case-studies on a single author ."
"The project’s project ’s website provides details omitted here for space reasons ,",including,True,"samples for the corpus , results , and other details ."
"He also designed furniture and houses for the wealthy as well as coins and medals ,",including,True,the insignia of the Society of the Cincinnati .
"His legacy continues with his many notable students ,",including,True,"Adele Goldberg , Laura Michaelis , Christopher Johnson , Miriam R. L. Petruck , Len Talmy , and Eve Sweetser ."
"Some of her designs have been presented posthumously ,",including,True,"the statuette for the 2017 Brit Awards , and many of her buildings are still under construction , including the Al Wakrah Stadium in Qatar , a venue for the 2022 FIFA World Cup ."
"Marbles has also professionalized her business affairs by expanding her business and bringing in people to help ,",including,True,", a personal assistant , a business manager , and her mother ( the chief executive officer ) . [ 8 ]"
"They sometimes feature other YouTubers as guests on their podcast ,",including,True,Shane Dawson . [ 20 ]
"She was also the recipient of several lifetime awards ,",including,True,"a BAFTA Fellowship in 1996 , Cannes Golden Palm in 2003 and César Award in 2008 ."
"Throughout the early 2000s he appeared in several made-for-television films ,",including,True,"Silent Witness , Close to Home , and the Disney Channel Original Movie A Ring of Endless Light . [ 6 ] [ 7 ]"
