Cognitive games,involve,True,"a number of different games working aspects of human cognition , while proposing the intersection between the sets of concepts , fun and cognition , for the improvement of cognitive functions ."
The games,involve,True,"challenges and rules involving the exercise of cognitive functions , especially the working memory , attention and capacity of solving problems ."
"In addition , students participating in the interview reported a preference for games that",involve,True,"problem solving , recognize the need to plan actions in relation to their importance for the game and for daily activities , and realize improvements in the ability to sustain attention ."
Hypnosis techniques that,involve,True,"laying a chicken on its back may "" succeed "" by cutting off its air supply ."
A yet more egregious example of such pollution,involved,True,collaborative efforts by pharmaceutical companies and the publishing giant Elsevier to produce publications mimicking peer-reviewed journals in the interest of promoting the companies’ companies ’ commercial products [ 23 ] .
"A commercial event , for instance , crucially",involved,True,"elements such as a seller , a buyer , some good , and some money ."
"However , Dumas is alone in this assertion , and if he were correct it is unclear why d'Herbinville would have been",involved,True,.
For how long have you been,involved,True,in performing / studying magic ?
How did you come to be,involved,True,with this discovery
What are the startup costs,involved,True,?
"Is there a particular LibriVox book which you think stands out because of the quality , the overall effort",involved,True,", its popularity , or for some other reason ?"
"So you don’t do n’t have writers coming up with a story and headline , but you will instead have a team of writers choosing the best headlines and then assign it to a particular writer who was not necessarily",involved,True,?
Whitmore stated to LA Weekly that the alleged crime,involved,True,five hard drives each of $ 200 in value .
The majority of outfits,involved,True,"at least some elements made from scratch , a fantastic display of craftsmanship ."
When we divide and subdivide the tasks,involved,True,"with producing a good or service , workers and businesses can produce a greater quantity of output ."
"Considering the importance of the proper functioning of attention , because of its",involvement,True,"in the regulation of thoughts and emotions , maintaining the performance of this process is very important , especially in school , where the child must acquire content in an environment full of countless distractors ."
"The games have features like increasing challenges , rules that establish what can and cannot can not be done , and",involvement,True,"of the player in the quest to gain skills and win the game ( Kirriemuir & McFarlane , 2004 ; Prensky , 2005 ) ."
"The teachers observed changes after the intervention , emphasizing the greater persistence and",involvement,True,"in school activities , and in some students , improvement in the ability to sustain attention ."
Mutation-based testing [ 1 ] is a test technique that,involves,True,artificially introducing errors into a System Under Test ( SUT ) .
The most famous method of working to strict time controls ( known as time-boxing ),involves,True,creating a list of tasks .
"The viewing experience of art is a complex one ,",involving,True,"issues of perception , attention , memory , decision-making , affect , and emotion ."
The games involve challenges and rules,involving,True,"the exercise of cognitive functions , especially the working memory , attention and capacity of solving problems ."
"Steve Whitmore , a representative for the LA Sheriff's Sheriff 's office , told LA Weekly in a statement that the case",involving,True,Montalvo was being dealt with as charges relating to grand theft .
"Writing in a blog post , Matthew Ingram of The Globe and Mail dubbed the ongoing conflict",involving,True,"the Church of Scientology's Scientology 's attempts to remove the Cruise video from the Internet : "" Scientology vs. the Internet , part XVII "" ."
