"For this reason , institutions may also be slow to investigate accusations of fraud , and they may try to",keep,True,their discoveries in-house to protect their reputations .
"You know then , they have to , like ,",keep,True,"em , away from anything , you know , get em really in the soft ground , and , no hard pebbles , or hard clods of dirt or anything ?"
Kiss anywhere you like and see how long your partner can,keep,True,from moving or making any noise .
"She tries to sit down , but I just",keep,True,"on tugging and she follows me , gulping and wailing ."
I 'd suffered less than Pag in the way of overt violence ; my seizures tended to,keep,True,"the other kids at a distance , scared them even as they incapacitated me ."
“ I,keep,True,trying to tell myself that this is cool .
"Regarding how long the beverage will be made available , Stan remarked to The Brooklyn Paper , "" We'll We 'll",keep,True,"it around until he’s he ’s irrelevant . I hope he’s he ’s there the whole way "" ."
"Once we figured out what it was , we played a lot of manuscript email tag , which can be challenging and time consuming given the differing schedules that folks",keep,True,"in terms of travel , field work , etc."
"We are only doing public domain works , for a number of reasons , partly to",keep,True,simplicity in our copyright situation -- public domain means its it s as simple as can be .
"Though YouTube is complying with the Church of Scientology's Scientology 's requests to take down the video , other sites such as Gawker.com have stated that they will",keep,True,hosting the video .
"It is made up of men and women who raise our food , patrol our streets , man our mines and factories , teach our children ,",keep,True,"our homes , and heal us when we 're sick — professionals , industrialists , shopkeepers , clerks , cabbies , and truck drivers ."
Me and a studymate were,keeping,True,"a lot of animals during our studies , from beetles , to butterflies and mantids , to ants ."
"At every step , the Government has taken decisions in the interests of health and safety of the wider public , and so far we have been among the best at",keeping,True,COVID-19 at bay .
These restrictions have played a key role in,keeping,True,COVID-19 out of New Zealand for so long and have given us time to better understand the disease and ramp up our preparations .
"You could also keep adjusting your shirt or your hair ,",keeping,True,a running dialogue about what look is best for you .
"I don’t do n’t dream about Renata , although when the dreams wake me up , it’s it ’s thinking about Renata that",keeps,True,me awake .
"“ On the other hand , ” I said , “ he’s he ’s the first super we’ve we ’ve had who",keeps,True,"the boiler , the door buzzers , and the electrical system in perfect working order . ”"
It,keeps,True,changing between narrative and email .
Those who do work are denied a fair return for their labor by a tax system which penalizes successful achievement and,keeps,True,us from maintaining full productivity .
I'm I 'm thinking that maybe Dose of Colors and Urban Decay have the shelf life printed on those boxes but who,keeps,True,their lipsticks in a box ?
