"As an example , research shows that greater diversity within a community or group can",lead,True,"to improved critical thinking [ 1 ] and more creative solutions to complex tasks [ 2 , 3 ] by pairing together individuals with unique skillsets and perspectives that complement and often augment the abilities of their peers ."
"On the surface , it does seem as if there is variability and perhaps a larger sample size or more items could",lead,True,"to a significant finding ( see limitations below ) , but at least for this study , the only significant finding was the difference between cardinal numbers and some ."
"A mutant is a copy of the system in which a change has been done that , in most cases , will",lead,True,to a behaviour different than expected .
"Second , in their study , a",lead,True,"mass was attached at the distal end of the experimental tail , probably generating excessive displacement of the CoM ."
He also had a,lead,True,"role in the critically acclaimed British mini-serial Dancing on the Edge , as music journalist Stanley Mitchell , for which he earned a nomination for Best Actor in a Miniseries or a Television Film at the Satellite Awards ."
He also led the Owls with 67 runs scored and shared the team,lead,True,with 11 stolen bases .
He had the,lead,True,"role in 2008's 2008 's The Christmas Cottage as Thomas Kinkade , alongside acclaimed actor Peter O'Toole ."
He also had the,lead,True,"role in the 2009 version of Friday the 13th as Clay Miller , a character who heads out to Camp Crystal Lake in search of his sister who has gone missing . [ 12 ]"
I had buried my husband in a,lead,True,"box sunk into the mud of the bottom of the river , where all the riverboatmen lie ."
"It is hard to extrapolate to other ants , as different species",lead,True,very different lives .
Just the fact that those were the,lead,True,"stories for so many days , in everything from US Weekly to Time Magazine ."
"Born in Tianjin with ancestry in Changzhou , Jiangsu province , Chao went to the United States with a Boxer Indemnity Scholarship in 1910 to study mathematics and physics at Cornell University , where he was a classmate and lifelong friend of Hu Shih , the",leader,True,of the New Culture Movement .
Unfortunately for the would-be,leader,True,", Pachomius recovered , and upon hearing of Theodorus’ Theodorus ’ decision , exiled the ambitious young man ."
Although it seems Theodorus practiced complete submission to the new,leader,True,"of the Koinonia , problems soon arose in several Pachomian monasteries that viewed Horsiesios as a weak leader ."
Refusing to work or communicate and demanding a new,leader,True,", many of the elder monks completely abandoned any notion of obedience to Horsiesios ."
"Soon after his arrival , Theodorus was the new de facto",leader,True,", though he claimed to be only acting on behalf of Horsiesios ."
The palatial home of the family of conquistador,leader,True,Montejo can still be seen on the south side of the Zócalo or main square .
"There were plans to initiate an uprising during his funeral , but during the same time frame the",leaders,True,"heard of General Jean Maximilien Lamarque's Lamarque 's death , and the rising was postponed without any uprising occurring until 5 June ."
"As of 2016 , the demand for electricity in the residential is",leading,True,among the different sectors .
"During this period of time , he collaborated with Luo Changpei and Li Fang-Kuei , the other two",leading,True,"Chinese linguists of his generation , to edit and render into Chinese Bernhard Karlgren's Karlgren 's monumental Etudes sur la Phonologie Chinoise ( published in 1940 ) ."
"Moreau made her theatrical debut in 1947 , and established herself as one of the",leading,True,actresses of the Comédie-Française .
"She debuted at the Comédie-Française in Ivan Turgenev's Turgenev 's A Month in the Country [ 6 ] and , by her 20s , was already one of",leading,True,actresses in the theatre's theatre 's troupe . [ 2 ]
"We continue to depend on this same virtuous cycle : More readers , means more editors , which creates better instructions ,",leading,True,again to more readers .
"We took quite a few new girls over there back then in 2005 ,",leading,True,into the World Cup in the Netherlands .
"After nearly half an hour , the team was deducted a point ,",leading,True,to a sudden but temporary rush of success by the US team .
the future of ozone pollution is very different [...],leading,True,"to either offsetting or reinforcing effects [ of climate change ] on crops "" ."
"I would also like , on behalf of Albania , to convey to the Secretary-General our highest appreciation for his",leading,True,"contribution to the fulfilment of the historical mission of the United Nations and to the aspirations of our peoples for a better world in which only peace , democracy and economic prosperity reign ."
While Cleveland continues to play a,leading,True,"role in building the U.S. industrial base , it has also developed economic prowess in the fields of health care , law , finance , insurance , real estate development , and professional services ."
"This can cause the chicken significant discomfort ,",leading,True,"to fainting or even , rarely , death ."
This,leads,True,to the question driving our study :
"Interestingly , Ruse’s Ruse ’s methodological naturalism",leads,True,him to embrace a view that goes against the metaphysical naturalist position that moral facts exist .
