,At the initial meeting it became apparent that most participants were there to,learn,True,more about digital humanities and were not ( yet ) in the situation where they were able to offer expertise on the subject .
,"Hopefully , we all",learn,True,from past mistakes .
,Concepts are informed by our semantic memory ( you will,learn,True,"more about semantic memory in a later chapter ) and are present in every aspect of our lives ; however , one of the easiest places to notice concepts is inside a classroom , where they are discussed explicitly ."
,"When you study United States history , for example , you",learn,True,about more than just individual events that have happened in America’s America ’s past .
,He made his first attempt to,learn,True,Hebrew under the guidance of a converted Jew ; and he seems to have been in correspondence with Jewish Christians in Antioch .
,"The young were mostly dead , and the old men had been taken away , they told us , to",learn,True,important new things and to come back when they were ready to contribute fully .
,"And as I saw therein the lotos-faces vanish , I longed for nets that I might capture them and",learn,True,from them the secrets which the moon had brought upon the night .
,How much more could you accomplish as an individual if you could,learn,True,any activity ?
,"The poster at DH2017 will present the curriculum , its position in the international context and offer the lessons",learned,True,from both the design process and the first clinics .
,I have since,learned,True,"that that doctor wrote a well-received treatise , On the Medicinal Properties of the Juice of the Young Coconut , and died a respected man in his native city of Deinivel ; but at the time I felt certain he had returned with his sack of tree-cuttings ."
,I l- I,learned,True,that one time the –
,I,learned,True,it just went down .
,He was incredibly,learned,True,and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .
,Dalton’s Dalton ’s atomic theory provides a microscopic explanation of the many macroscopic properties of matter that you’ve you ’ve,learned,True,about .
,There Jerome,learned,True,"Latin and at least some Greek , [ 11 ] though probably not the familiarity with Greek literature he would later claim to have acquired as a schoolboy . [ 12 ]"
,In two months Carroll had,learned,True,"that her parents lived on a farm several miles outside of town ; that they sold strawberries in summer , and sold Christmas trees in the winter ."
,Research on adult-learned second language ( L2 ) has provided considerable insight into the neurocognitive mechanisms underlying the,learning,True,and processing of L2 grammar [ 1 ] – [ 11 ] .
,"The content of these sessions should enable them to provide services to researchers and students , identify remaining gaps in knowledge or skills that they could address by self-directed",learning,True,and ( perhaps ) to automate their daily library work .
,"With these in hand , we will design the curriculum of clinics , based on the method of ' constructive alignment ' ( Biggs et al. , 2011 ) , to make sure that the intended",learning,True,objectives and the teaching / learning activities stay aligned .
,"So if we go to the pregnant woman , she doesn't does n't get enough iodine , she won't wo n't make enough thyroid hormone , and the foetus won't wo n't get the amount of thyroid hormone it needs for adequate and proper development of the brain , so you'll you 'll then see consequences being loss of IQ ,",learning,True,"difficulties , hearing difficulties and other neurological problems , "" Professor Eastman said ."
,"Additionally , diversity has been shown to produce more supportive social climates and effective",learning,True,"environments [ 4 ] , which can facilitate the mentoring of young scientists ."
,"The attention is the main point made in this study , since it is fundamental to the",learning,True,process and be recurring complaint among parents and teachers in schools .
,It collects the data based on the observation of the proposed interventions as well as interviews conducted with participating teachers and students to identify their perceptions of digital games’ games ’ contributions to the,learning,True,process .
,"From this , we conclude that an intervention based on cognitive digital games offers contributions to the",learning,True,process and improvement of sustained attention .
,"In support of the second claim , we show that Huh ? meets the criteria of a word in the sense of being a conventional lexical sign which must be",learnt,True,.
