"He ministered for a short time among the Tarahumara Indians in Chihuahua , Mexico , until health problems due to an inadequate diet and the high altitude forced him to",leave,True,.
The death of Petronios later that year would,leave,True,"Apa Horsiesios in charge , and the popular Theodorus would retreat to the distant monastery of Phnoum ."
Santa had said he needed to,leave,True,at eight .
""" Get out of here "" meant to make someone",leave,True,.
We'll We 'll,leave,True,that to the professionals .
Whether it is appropriate or not is another thing we,leave,True,to the pros to decide .
"In my opinion , people should be hesitant to contribute to websites where you only have the "" right to",leave,True,". """
"we find it makes things clear and easy to say : published works , public domain , and",leave,True,it at that .
Scientology defector arrested after attempting to,leave,True,organization
"Montalvo contacted former members of Scientology , who helped him",leave,True,the organization and get in touch with Devocht .
"To "" route out "" in Scientology jargon refers to the member who wishes to",leave,True,proceeding through a set of interrogative exit interviews while attached to the Scientology device called the E-meter .
"repair is initiated not by the speaker of the first turn but by the other participant ( “ other-initiated ” ) , and the repair initiator signals that there is a problem , but it",leaves,True,open what the problem is ( “ open ” ) [ 11 ] .
That,leaves,True,me with thirteen .
"We slipped out feet over the sides and when we felt the fish , some as big as logs , some as small as",leaves,True,", nibble at our feet , we leant over to watch them fraying and frolicking under the choppy surface ."
"There are perennial basils which come back year after year , like African Blue Basil ( which has pretty blue veins on its",leaves,True,") and Thai Basil , while most other varieties are annuals , which you'll you 'll have to plant year after year ."
When the plants become a few inches tall and their,leaves,True,"mature , it's it 's time to transplant them to a larger container ."
Once two sets of,leaves,True,"have formed , basil can be planted into the garden or permanent containers ."
"When you see flower buds , pinch them and two pairs of",leaves,True,under them off .
Flowers blooming create a hormone change which dramatically reduces the flavor of the,leaves,True,", as well as reducing the amount of foliage which grows ."
"You'll You 'll notice that if you leave the flowers , the plant will become lanky and the",leaves,True,won't wo n't be as full or tasty .
"As the plant matures , pinch off the top two pairs of",leaves,True,once a stalk reaches a reasonable height .
"If you look closely , at the base of every leaf are two tiny little",leaves,True,that will grow outwards if the stem growing between them is cut off .
"However , a systematic metascience on replication research has not yet been established in the field of L2 research ,",leaving,True,a poor understanding of the actual number and nature of replication studies that have been published .
"He went to St. Petersburg in 1724 as professor of mathematics , but was very unhappy there , and a temporary illness in 1733 gave him an excuse for",leaving,True,St. Petersburg .
"Daniel Montalvo , 19 , a member of Scientology all his life , was arrested after",leaving,True,its elite group the Sea Org .
Montalvo was charged with taking hard drives and a zip drive from the Scientology organization after,leaving,True,the Sea Org group .
You will run into significant difficulties if you do not have enough cash to pay this tax when,leaving,True,the country .
Ask any bus or jitney driver,leaving,True,from the Port Authority George Washington Bus Station on 177 St. whether s/he can let you off in Fort Lee .
"If you are planning on being somewhere at a certain time , one might suggest",leaving,True,a good 10 to 15 minutes to escape local traffic before hitting any major roadways .
"When annoying people on an elevator , keep your pranks lighthearted and fun as opposed to mean-spirited so that everyone",leaving,True,the elevator will have a pleasant story to tell .
"While skydiving , it is possible ( yet extremely unlikely ) that both your primary and reserve parachutes will malfunction ,",leaving,True,you with no method of reducing your velocity .
