"Measuring the composition and dynamics of a scientific workforce , particularly in a rapidly expanding field",like,True,"computer science , is a crucial first step toward understanding how scholarly research is conducted and how it might be enhanced ."
"Further , rates of adoption of services",like,True,"GoogleScholar and ResearchGate vary within , and across disciplines ."
"Some disciplines ,",like,True,"political science , are organized around a single professional society , whose membership roll approximates a full census [ 7 ] ."
"Phrase-bounded enjambment : Within a phrase , breaking up sequences",like,True,""" noun + adjective "" , "" verb + adverb "" , "" auxiliary verb + main verb "" , among others ."
The games have features,like,True,"increasing challenges , rules that establish what can and cannot can not be done , and involvement of the player in the quest to gain skills and win the game ( Kirriemuir & McFarlane , 2004 ; Prensky , 2005 ) ."
From a systematic comparison of 10 spoken languages from 5 continents we find evidence suggesting that a word,like,True,"‘ Huh ? ’ – used as a ‘ repair initiator ’ when , for example , one has not clearly heard what someone just said [ 5 ] , [ 6 ] – is a universal word ."
"Such alternative ( and probably derived ) uses provide insight in possible paths of semantic change , but we exclude them here to make sure we are comparing",like,True,with like .
"Transmedia systems ,",like,True,"that exemplified by Game of Thrones , are becoming increasingly prevalent ( e.g. , Star Wars , Harry Potter , The Walking Dead , the Marvel Cinematic Universe , etc ) ; these systems demonstrate , in microcosm , the global challenge of managing the fire-hose flow of information in contemporary postdigital society ."
He then appeared in a string of supporting roles in films,like,True,"Woody Allen's Allen 's Match Point ( 2005 ) , the German - British romantic comedy Imagine Me and You ( 2006 ) , and the period drama Copying Beethoven ( 2006 ) ."
"She paid $ 800 rent by working various jobs ,",like,True,"bartending , working at a tanning salon , blogging , and go-go dancing at nightclubs . [ 8 ]"
"By now I'm I 'm sure you 're wondering about the different things that I have on the table here , but first , I would",like,True,to talk to you about these three items .
I,liked,True,it so much there I ended up doing a PhD and I've I 've been working on social insects ever since .
"Wilkins said , "" [ Warhol ]",liked,True,"the way photo booths and the Polaroid's Polaroid 's front flash looked "" ."
"Honestly , if I was redoing this from the beginning , I would have really",liked,True,"to have a double bed in this room , but , unfortunately , with the space as you can probably see from that wall there till the door , it's it 's basically just enough to fit a bed and a couch , and this is my couch over here ."
"Over here on the wall , these are posters that I actually bought back in 2013 in my first year of university in Toronto , and I really really",liked,True,them so I've I 've kept them around .
"She got the brunt of the pixies’ pixies ’ odd sense of humor much more than I did , because she’s she ’s the one who",likes,True,to take baths .
""" But he",likes,True,everyone .
"For example , after we've we 've opened up by asking about this person's person 's interest in the band in his / her username , it's it 's logical and reasonable to ask about this person's person 's musical",likes,True,and dislikes .
Everyone,likes,True,a good sense of humor .
He remembered,liking,True,"the singing and the colorful windows , and how safe he felt there , in that large , empty space , sitting on a hard bench next to her warmth ."
