We,live,True,in an epistemic environment that is heavily and deliberately polluted by agents who use mimicry and other methods as a means of inflating their pretense to expertise .
"In many cases , he focused his attention on the lives of women and identified how a woman devoted to Jesus should",live,True,her life .
"He was not baptized until about 360 - 366 , when he had gone to Rome with his friend Bonosus of Sardica ( who may or may not have been the same Bonosus whom Jerome identifies as his friend who went to",live,True,as a hermit on an island in the Adriatic ) to pursue rhetorical and philosophical studies .
"Marbles has been in a relationship with fellow YouTuber Julien Solomita since 2013 , and the two",live,True,"together in California with their four dogs , Marbles , Kermit , Peach and Bunny , who regularly appear in her videos . [ 26 ]"
"After living a life of constant weeping and prayer in solitude , Pachomius forgave Theodorus and allowed him to",live,True,among the brothers once more .
"One day Tyler looked through an old family photo album , and in it was a picture of the kitchen in the house they used to",live,True,in .
“ We,live,True,in the modern era ! ” she cried .
""" He is a person who studies the way people",live,True,.
People from Earth come here to,live,True,.
Drink and,live,True,!
We carved out little squares for the ants to,live,True,in ( covered with old CD covers to prevent them escaping ! ) .
"First , our experimental subjects",lived,True,in a large enclosure under conditions that allowed them to exercise all day long .
She,lived,True,until 1739 . [ 4 ]
"During the World War II , the family was split , and Moreau",lived,True,with her mother in Paris .
"Nida retired in the early 1980s , although he continued to give lectures in universities all around the world , and",lived,True,"in Alpine , Arizona , USA ; Madrid , Spain and Brussels , Belgium ."
"Quickly becoming a favorite of Pachomius , Theodorus",lived,True,"an enviably ascetic life in the monastery , and took on the title of the "" brothers’ brothers ’ comforter "" ."
In two months Carroll had learned that her parents,lived,True,"on a farm several miles outside of town ; that they sold strawberries in summer , and sold Christmas trees in the winter ."
Rachel still,lived,True,"on her parents' parents ' farm , which made it all the more remarkable that she had kept Carroll and her parents apart for so long ."
"In many cases , he focused his attention on the",lives,True,of women and identified how a woman devoted to Jesus should live her life .
"And with those mistakes would come death to billions of innocent , unsuspecting",lives,True,.
Hundreds of millions of,lives,True,are depending on our actions here .
"It is hard to extrapolate to other ants , as different species lead very different",lives,True,.
"Because when you look historically , at the development of humanity , most of our",lives,True,we are living on the land .
"Jeff Rathke , the State Department Spokesperson , said , "" We urge the governments of the region to work together quickly , first and foremost , to save the",lives,True,"of migrants now at sea who are in need of an immediate rescue effort "" ."
""" People are still intrigued by how stars live , dress and socialize , since it is so different from most people's people 's every day",lives,True,". """
It threatens to shatter the,lives,True,of millions of our people .
"The Jewish community was practically wiped out , and many others lost their",lives,True,.
People who study ballet also retain flexibility throughout their adult,lives,True,", making this technique the basis of training for all types of dance ."
"Pierre Charles L'Enfant ( French : [ pjɛʁ ʃɑʁl lɑ̃fɑ̃ ] ; August 2 , 1754 – June 14 , 1825 ) , self-identified as Peter Charles L'Enfant while",living,True,"in the United States , was a French-born American military engineer who designed the basic plan for Washington , D.C. ( capital city of the U.S. ) known today as the L'Enfant Plan ( 1791 ) ."
She wrote relatively little as a result of,living,True,a brief life — she died at 24 — but her stories had a large impact on Japanese literature and she is still appreciated by the Japanese public today .
Her experience,living,True,"in this neighborhood would provide material for several of her later stories , especially "" Takekurabe "" , ( literally , "" Comparing heights "" ; "" Child's Child 's Play "" in the Robert Lyons Danly translation ; also called "" Growing Up "" in the Edward Seidensticker translation . )"
The stories of her mature period ( 1894 – 96 ) were not only marked by her experience,living,True,"near the red-light district and greater concern over the plight of women , but also by the influence of Ihara Saikaku , a 17th-century writer , whose stories she had recently discovered ."
"The protégé of Pope Damasus I , who died in December of 384 , Jerome was known for his teachings on Christian moral life , especially to those",living,True,in cosmopolitan centers such as Rome .
After,living,True,"a life of constant weeping and prayer in solitude , Pachomius forgave Theodorus and allowed him to live among the brothers once more ."
"But you know , they do it for a",living,True,.
"Now he remembered that they always ate in the dining room , and when they did play board games , it was always on the coffee table in the",living,True,room .
I sat in the shadow in my,living,True,"room for a while , looking at the amorphous mass of the blanket I had been crocheting ."
My mother is sitting in the little examining room at the assisted,living,True,.
"Just knowing a whole lot about a single species isn't is n't very useful , even if that animal is as special as these clearly are - we need to know what about them is different and thus related to",living,True,in this strange way .
