How do people,look,True,at and experience art ?
Do museum labels have an impact on how people,look,True,at artworks ?
"In this study we used eye-tracking in the first stage of exploring audience experience of the extensive Spanish art collections of County Durham , of which the 13 Zurbarán artworks ( there are actually only 12 Zurbarán artworks , the 13th Benjamin , is a copy by Arthur Pond ) are a key part of , to investigate the ways in which audiences",look,True,"at Spanish art , how aesthetic experience is evaluated and whether audiences can be encouraged to approach art in different ways ."
"But now let 's try to figure out how they 're different , we'll we 'll",look,True,"at temperature , first ."
"A lot of times , like , I'll I 'll get done , and I'll I 'll think I'm I 'm done , and I'll I 'll",look,True,"at - look down at the horse's horse 's hoof , and it's it 's still , it's it 's too long ."
You know we'd we 'd like,look,True,"at the horse's horse 's hoof , and say , okay , this is a double-aught ."
"Oh , see",look,True,", you just got all of his cards ."
"She unclipped the cell phone from the back of Santa’s Santa ’s girdle , and pushed the button with the green arrow , serrated to",look,True,like a double-edged diving knife .
"Cara sits in her booster seat in the back of the car , wheezing all the way home , getting worse and worse , and by the time we pull in the driveway , she’s she ’s got that white",look,True,around her mouth .
"And when I saw that the reef was but the black basalt crown of a shocking eikon whose monstrous forehead now shown in the dim moonlight and whose vile hooves must paw the hellish ooze miles below , I shrieked and shrieked lest the hidden face rise above the waters , and lest the hidden eyes",look,True,at me after the slinking away of that leering and treacherous yellow moon .
"Then again , Pag's Pag 's parents hadn't had n't messed with nature , and",look,True,what it got them : a son curled up in the dirt while a bunch of engineered superboys kicked in his ribs .
One day Tyler,looked,True,"through an old family photo album , and in it was a picture of the kitchen in the house they used to live in ."
She never,looked,True,"back at me — poverty and failure and political disrepute being all , these days , contagious and synonymous ."
"A translucent little head poked out from behind a pot of organic-sugarcane exfoliating body polish , and",looked,True,at me with exaggerated puppy eyes and a trembling lower lip .
He,looked,True,up .
Pete,looked,True,at me with mild disgust as I eyed the handkerchief more closely .
Pete,looked,True,at me sort of sideways .
"I felt my coat tugged at , and tugged again , and at last I",looked,True,around .
"I embedded a few of the animals in wax and then cut them into very thin slices using a microtome , mounted the slices on microscope slides , stained the slices to enhance contrast , and then",looked,True,at those slides under a compound microscope
"Wilkins said , "" [ Warhol ] liked the way photo booths and the Polaroid's Polaroid 's front flash",looked,True,""" ."
"Heald said although temperature and ozone are separately known to impact crop yields , "" nobody has",looked,True,"at these together "" ."
"Depending on how we understand “ coincidence , ” my belief that there is a bird outside my window is coincidentally true because had I",looked,True,"a little later , the bird would have flown away already ."
“ I was just,looking,True,"around and thought she was right with me , you know ?"
"I sat in the shadow in my living room for a while ,",looking,True,at the amorphous mass of the blanket I had been crocheting .
She stayed because I held her there by,looking,True,"at her , the way you can sometimes will a dog into submission ."
"Something grabbed my arm and I swung without thinking , without",looking,True,until Pag yelped and ducked out of reach .
"I was awake and lying in bed next morning ,",looking,True,"idly at the wonderful images and inscriptions all around my room , when suddenly I heard the sound of trumpets , as if a procession were already underway ."
"My page jumped out of bed as if crazed ,",looking,True,"more dead than alive , and you can imagine how I felt when he cried , “ They 're already being presented to the king ! """
I don't do n't care if a girl is absolutely exquisite,looking,True,--
He went,looking,True,"for his brother , George Whitman , after he a telegram telling him his brother was injured in the South ."
"When people are searching using the virtual microscope , they will be",looking,True,"not for the particles , but for the tracks that the particles make , which are much larger — several microns in diameter ."
"The tracks in the demo are from submicron carbonyl iron particles that were shot into aerogel using a particle accelerator modified to accelerate dust particles to very high speeds , to simulate the interstellar dust impacts that we 're",looking,True,for .
This black is also not,looking,True,good .
"So you got ten ,",looks,True,like sixteen .
Cara,looks,True,"at me , looks at the lights ."
She,looks,True,"at me and then at Renata , who is smiling , and finally submits uncomprehendingly ."
She,looks,True,"up at me , at Renata ."
"Wikinews spoke with William Evans , president of the International Brotherhood of Magicians , about the current state of magic and what its future",looks,True,like in the world of entertainment .
I actually want to get one of those acrylic things where the lipsticks can just stand up in it and it,looks,True,super neat .
I will definitely insert a little clip here that will show you what the shelf life symbol,looks,True,like on products .
"Like — like usually with foundations when it's it 's expired , you will see the oil separating and all that , but this just",looks,True,— it looks fine .
Oh it,looks,True,kind of dry and crusty too .
I don't do n't like how that,looks,True,.
There is also the Desert Rose ( adenium obesium ) which,looks,True,like a blooming elephant leg .
