the participant group had,mean,True,"and standard deviation 60.23 ( 64.75 ) respectively , while the control group was 20.00 ( 42.65 ) ."
"Nonetheless , this does not",mean,True,"that tail reduction had no effect on CoM displacement , but that it was not the most important factor ."
"We 're not gonna gon na do the feet today , I'm I 'm gonna gon na wait till like , early in the morning , to do those , cause y- I",mean,True,you get so tired .
I,mean,True,", oh I mean I trim horses , and stuff like that , but I mean , I'm I 'm not like , I'm I 'm not uh , ."
I,mean,True,", it — that's that 's just kinda how it happens , you know , because he kinda has to tell you ..."
I,mean,True,", all the skeleton part of it you know , and — and they go through every kind a ligament ."
And I,mean,True,", there's there 's , millions of ligaments , and millions of tendons , you know , well not millions , but , I mean ..."
"Because , you know , I",mean,True,", you can make a horse go lame , by doing it ."
"And make em , you know , and they 're just a little bit , for f- the first couple of days , you know , I",mean,True,they 're just sore .
I,mean,True,"they 're still long , when I get done with them ."
I,mean,True,", if you would really get into it , well as a matter of fact , this is really funny ."
A fundamental tenet of linguistic science is that the sound of a word has a purely arbitrary connection to the word's word 's,meaning,True,"[ 1 ] , [ 2 ] ."
"However , written sources are rarely explicit about the precise form ,",meaning,True,", and use of interjections ."
"According to frame semantics ,",meaning,True,is best studied in terms of the mental concepts and participants in the minds of the speaker and addressee .
"Nida's Nida 's dynamic-equivalence theory is often held in opposition to the views of philologists who maintain that an understanding of the source text ( ST ) can be achieved by assessing the inter-animation of words on the page , and that",meaning,True,is self-contained within the text ( i.e. much more focused on achieving semantic equivalence ) .
"I mean that was discussed in U.S arms control journals , that they would have to regard as a potential threat to their strategic deterrent ,",meaning,True,as a first strike weapon .
"Santorum the person has been in the news throughout the primary season , and we thought it would be interesting to try to create a delicious drink that mimicked the appearance of the Dan Savage",meaning,True,"of "" santorum . """
"A related set of questions about ethics are metaethical questions , which concern the",meaning,True,"of moral terms , our ways of gaining knowledge of moral facts , and the nature of the moral facts ."
"The Persians call it "" Nesf-e-Jahan "" ,",meaning,True,""" Half The World "" ."
"For example : austere , acrimony , ebullient , embolden ; in this case , the vowel A might carry with it a negative",meaning,True,", whereas E would be positive ."
We live in an epistemic environment that is heavily and deliberately polluted by agents who use mimicry and other methods as a,means,True,of inflating their pretense to expertise .
"For optimal comparability , we studied the exact same conversational environment across languages : that of other-initiated repair ( OIR ) , in which one participant produces a turn at talk , the other then signals some trouble with this turn , and finally the first produces a next turn which aims to solve the trouble , usually by",means,True,of repetition and / or modification .
This,means,True,"the experimenter doesn't does n't know which ants belong to which treatment , so it's it 's impossible to influence the results with ' observer bias ' ."
This,means,True,we can't ca n't look at the issue you raise with these animals .
"However , paying people to write and edit articles ultimately",means,True,that you have to make one of two sacrifices .
"We continue to depend on this same virtuous cycle : More readers ,",means,True,"more editors , which creates better instructions , leading again to more readers ."
"We are only doing public domain works , for a number of reasons , partly to keep simplicity in our copyright situation -- public domain",means,True,its it s as simple as can be .
"So the World Cup is ... it's it 's good to be able to do well at the World Cup , to be placed , but it also",means,True,that you get a really good opportunity to know where you 're at in that two year gap between the Paralympics .
"Customs cannot can not check what a scientist has in his mind , they can see what he has in his pocket but not what he has in his mind so it’s it ’s uncontrolled ; it",means,True,that borders aren’t are n’t important and distances aren’t are n’t important .
"When something is unprecedented , it",means,True,"it doesn’t does n’t have a past , doesn’t does n’t have a history ."
"Some individuals reported that when they are able to reach the site , all they get is a message stating , "" The word scientology",means,True,"search for truth ... "" ."
"This system can also be used longitudinally to study how the workforce’s workforce ’s composition changes over time , which is particularly valuable for evaluating the effectiveness of policies",meant,True,to broaden participation or improve retention of faculty .
That was the first night Renata didn’t did n’t come home and it doesn’t does n’t take Freud to figure out what that,meant,True,.
"I remember wondering why I didn't did n't take any satisfaction from that sound , why it",meant,True,nothing beyond the fact I had one less opponent to worry about .
"Before the operation , he",meant,True,.
""" Get out of here """,meant,True,to make someone leave .
Maybe she,meant,True,if she made herself .
Cuz I actually did not know and actually didn't did n't realize what that symbol,meant,True,until I heard other people talking about it and I was like wait what ? .
Buddhist monks are,meant,True,"to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women's women 's hands ."
This isn't is n't,meant,True,"to begin a conflict , but to gauge their rivalries , annoyances and enmities ."
Some of this stuff is dangerous -- this experiment is not,meant,True,for children !
