"She , her mother , and younger sister made ends",meet,True,"by doing needlework , washing , and other jobs ."
"Y- — Oh well , I'm I 'm glad to",meet,True,you .
We’ve We ’ve got another fifteen minutes before we have to,meet,True,my mom .
Rachel Rook took Carroll home to,meet,True,her parents two months after she first slept with him .
"All in all , I think this is a terrific opportunity to improve sports coverage in a multitude of aspects ; but we will have to wait until after the event to assess to what extent the broadcasters will",meet,True,these expectations .
Another thing was two different time scapes : one goes very slow and one goes very fast and they almost kind of,meet,True,in the end .
Yesterday Mohamed received VIP attention at Google headquarters in California at the Google Science Fair — and tomorrow he plans to,meet,True,international dignitaries at the United Nations headquarters in New York .
"Mohamed was a VIP guest at the Google Science Fair this weekend , and was able to",meet,True,"finalists at the event held at Google's Google 's headquarters located in Mountain View , California ."
"His father Mohamed El-Hassan Mohamed said he was taking his entire family to the U.N. headquarters in New York , because international dignitaries wanted to",meet,True,with his son and express their support .
He traveled to Florida to,meet,True,"with Devocht , who had told Montalvo he would assist him with future employment and housing ."
We believe that the commitments set up in the framework of the Adriatic Charter are also contributing to,meet,True,"NATO standards , to the benefit of regional stability and security ."
"The government's government 's Flag Consideration Project has planned a number of conferences and roadshows as part of this process , with the first",meeting,True,set to take place in Christchurch on May 16 .
"As a result of decisions taken on Friday , health staff are",meeting,True,"all direct international flights landing in New Zealand airports from Hong Kong , Japan , South Korea , Singapore , and Thailand ."
"Opened in 2005 , Kopinga is the official",meeting,True,place of Te Imi Moriori .
"In support of the second claim , we show that Huh ?",meets,True,the criteria of a word in the sense of being a conventional lexical sign which must be learnt .
