Following his,move,True,"to the University of California , Berkeley , in 1971 , this theory eventually evolved into a broader cognitive linguistic theory called Frame Semantics ( 1976 ) ."
"Although he had originally planned to attend the University of Texas after graduating from high school in 2000 , Jared decided to",move,True,"Los Angeles , California instead to pursue an acting career . [ 1 ]"
You can't ca n't,move,True,"those to there , because they 're not touching ."
Maybe I'll I 'll,move,True,em right there .
"At the sound of his name , Chalmers felt himself",move,True,"robotically , his mind screaming in protest against what his legs were doing ."
“ I didn’t did n’t see your lips,move,True,at all . ”
"If wikiHow volunteers think our site is going in the wrong direction , they can take all the content and all the software and",move,True,the project elsewhere .
"To me , the ultimate feeling of success as an artist , is to",move,True,somebody enough where they thank you .
"With development of Microsoft's Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 9 ( IE9 ) browser almost complete , Microsoft announced on Friday that it is time for IE6 users to",move,True,away from the antiquated 10-year-old browser .
The city has an Armenian Quarter called Jolfa ( originally called New Julfa ) established by Shah Abbas I in the 1600s after he destroyed the prosperous Armenian town of Julfa in Armenia and forced all of the Armenians to,move,True,"to Persia , mostly to Isfahan ."
"If you want to practice at home , make sure you've you 've got enough open space to",move,True,"freely , preferably on a hard wood floor ."
After a brief period in Frankfurt the family,moved,True,"to Basel , in Switzerland ."
"In 1893 , Higuchi , her mother and her sister abandoned their middle class house and , with a grim determination to survive ,",moved,True,to a poor neighborhood where they opened a stationery store that before long failed .
"On June 8 , 2014 , in order to allow Xander Bogaerts to play 3rd base , Holt",moved,True,to left field .
She then,moved,True,"to Boston , where she attended Suffolk University ."
"When a young girl , "" the family",moved,True,"south to Vichy , spending vacations at the paternal ancestral village of Mazirat , a town of 30 houses in a valley in the Allier ."
Feet,moved,True,and Chalmers felt his stomach lurch .
Paris was born in Switzerland but her parents,moved,True,her to the United Kingdom when she was six so they could be closer to the church's church 's headquarters .
"Finally , applied to many academic fields in parallel , the system can elucidate scientists’ scientists ’",movement,True,between different disciplines and relate those labor flows to scientific advances .
Why do you think the Paralympic,movement,True,"has so little visibility in the US compared to other countries like Australia , the United Kingdom and even Canada ?"
What do you think the impact will be for the Paralympic,movement,True,will be with the Games being televised live in the United States for first time ?
Texas student Ahmed Mohamed inspires social,movement,True,
News of police response to a boy's boy 's digital clock in Texas last week has inspired a global social,movement,True,in support of the youth .
"The Straits Times noted what began as individual messages to Mohamed had grown into a "" support",movement,True,""" ."
""" Hoping that the #istandwithahmed",movement,True,"translates into a substantive national conversation on race , punishment , and incarceration . """
Memon also said she believed the social,movement,True,in reaction to Mohamed helped improve Muslim / non-Muslim .
He was also an influential figure in the pop art,movement,True,.
"In implementing this policy , Albania is cooperating as never before with all the countries of the region by making borders less relevant , opening up to one regional market the implementation of free trade agreements and free",movement,True,"corridors , and stimulating foreign direct investment ."
"Another thing non-locals don't do n't often realize is that Cleveland's Cleveland 's long history of industrial wealth has left it chock full of cultural riches as well as the beginnings of a "" sustainable city """,movement,True,.
Do they get mad or irritated if the centre of attention,moves,True,to someone else ?
Ballet is less about learning the,moves,True,and more about perfecting them .
The,moves,True,"themselves are relatively straightforward , but the positing , the timing , and the elegance required takes a lifetime of practice ."
It was known that a,moving,True,body exchanges its kinetic energy for potential energy when it gains height .
"Daniel realised that in a similar way , a",moving,True,fluid exchanges its kinetic energy for pressure .
Hadid studied mathematics at the American University of Beirut before,moving,True,", in 1972 , to London to study at the Architectural Association School of Architecture ."
"But again , as soon as you found yourself cautiously",moving,True,"forward , the black night closed around and there came to my mind the line of Vergil , "" Horror ubique animos , simul ipsa silentia terrent "" . [ 15 ] [ 16 ]"
Kiss anywhere you like and see how long your partner can keep from,moving,True,or making any noise .
I kicked one in the head until it stopped,moving,True,", turned to the other ."
We 're,moving,True,"more towards the Internet at this point , because the Internet is a much easier , safer way for a person to look at sensitive material and not get caught with it ."
"Unfortunately , they are talking about",moving,True,it so it will be on the year before the Paralympics .
"( This is a kind of "" wind "" of interstellar dust , caused by the fact that our solar system is",moving,True,with respect to the local interstellar medium . )
"Markus Landgraf has estimated the number of interstellar dust particles that should have been captured by Stardust during two periods of the "" cruise "" phase of the interplanetary orbit in which the spacecraft was",moving,True,with this wind .
Continually,moving,True,"southward , the settlers eventually populated both North and South America , creating unique cultures that ranged from the highly complex and urban Aztec civilization in what is now Mexico City to the woodland tribes of eastern North America ."
"The "" History "" section of the site explains , in a satirical fashion , that the incident was prompted by the Church of Scientology's Scientology 's attempts to",remove,True,a promotional video featuring Scientologist Tom Cruise from YouTube .
"Writing in a blog post , Matthew Ingram of The Globe and Mail dubbed the ongoing conflict involving the Church of Scientology's Scientology 's attempts to",remove,True,"the Cruise video from the Internet : "" Scientology vs. the Internet , part XVII "" ."
The countries of the region are fully engaged in a process that will lead us clearly toward Euro-Atlantic integration and at the same time continually,remove,True,us from the extremist tendencies that caused a number of conflicts in the last decade .
"Twice daily ,",remove,True,the plastic wrap and sprinkle the containers with more water .
"When you see the first green tendrils push up through the soil , it's it 's time to",remove,True,the plastic wrap .
Take ten minutes and,remove,True,"all distractions - your phone , magazines , or thoughts of your attractive love - and go into a working frenzy ."
This is necessary to,remove,True,the excess saponins on the outside of the grains which impart a bitter flavor to quinoa if not removed .
