Given that,need,True,", we have developed software , based on Natural Language Processing , that automatically identifies enjambment in Spanish , and applied it to a corpus of approx. 3750 sonnets by ca. 1000 authors , from the 15th to the 19th century ."
"In addition , students participating in the interview reported a preference for games that involve problem solving , recognize the",need,True,"to plan actions in relation to their importance for the game and for daily activities , and realize improvements in the ability to sustain attention ."
We observe that this item fulfils a crucial,need,True,shared by all languages – the efficient signalling of problems of hearing and understanding – and we propose that its form is constrained by selective pressures in a conversational environment that is essentially the same in all languages .
Future studies,need,True,to include more participants and more items to increase power .
I,need,True,all my courage to die at twenty ! )
So you don't do n't,need,True,"to go borrow equipment from anybody , to to do the feet ?"
And that's that 's where you kinda — kinda,need,True,"a little guide , of where you trim ."
We,need,True,a —
No I,need,True,like a little pin or something .
"“ Your secretary’s secretary ’s calling , and you",need,True,me to answer it ?
“ I’ve I ’ve got my cell phone if you,need,True,to call . ”
Follow-up studies with increased stimuli and participants are,needed,True,.
"As a student in Rome , Jerome engaged in the superficial escapades and sexual experimentation of students there , which he indulged in quite casually but for which he suffered terrible bouts of guilt afterwards . [ 13 ] [ better source",needed,True,]
"Jerome initially used classical authors to describe Christian concepts such as hell that indicated both his classical education and his deep shame of their associated practices , such as pederasty which was found in Rome . [ citation",needed,True,]
Her accomplishments were the subject of the film Calling the Shots ( 1988 ) by Janis Cole and Holly Dale . [ citation,needed,True,]
"Despite his conservative background , in later years Nida became increasingly ecumenical and New Evangelical ( clarification",needed,True,) in his approach .
Santa had said he,needed,True,to leave at eight .
But I think I,needed,True,"something a little less dark , and there are some quite sombre tales coming up in the coming weeks ."
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually hadn’t had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they hadn’t had n’t wanted to wake an old man who,needed,True,his rest .
After a while I,needed,True,"to start thinking about an internship for my M.Sc. studies , and decided to write a couple of professors ."
Some of that time was just lost time - I had other projects in the queue that I,needed,True,to finish .
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I,needed,True,to disconnect from her because she was suppressive . Valeska Paris
It serves as a reminder of the work that,needs,True,to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .
"She turns back , watching where she’s she ’s going , and she",needs,True,to get her hair done again because I can really see the gray roots .
"I wasn't was n't interested in making either of these sacrifices , as I think the world's world 's how to manual",needs,True,to be high quality AND comprehensive .
"When I discovered Wikipedia , I recognized that the wiki model had the potential to build the how-to resource the world really",needs,True,.
This,needs,True,"more discussion obviously : we chose public domain because the texts we use are public domain and we didn't did n't want to add new restrictions , especially not non-commercial , since already our recordings are being used for a number of commercialish projects ( I can't ca n't recall any specific project names , but some pay-education sites use LV stuff ) ."
"They estimated by 2050 , increasing population and changing diet would increase world food",needs,True,by 50 percent .
"They will go away because we as Americans have the capacity now , as we've we 've had in the past , to do whatever",needs,True,to be done to preserve this last and greatest bastion of freedom .
Your passport,needs,True,to be valid at least six months past the end of your planned return .
Basil,needs,True,"warm air and sun to do well , so it's it 's often easiest to start the seeds indoors instead of risking that they'll they 'll get damaged by frost ."
"As you mark things off , you will be motivated to continue doing so , and seeing it on a regular basis will remind you that your project",needs,True,to be done .
