This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time,offer,True,"a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
"Finally , we",offer,True,"further discussion and 16 recommendations for future replication work that draw on our narrative and systematic reviews and on our experience of carrying out multisite ( Morgan-Short et al. , 2018 ) 1 and single site ( Faretta-Stutenberg & Morgan-Short , 2011 ; Marsden , Williams , & Liu , 2013 ; McManus & Marsden , 2017 ; Morgan-Short , Heil , Botero-Moriaty , & Ebert , 2012 ) replications ."
I think that providing people with a practical education is one of the most empowering things you can,offer,True,a person .
"If someone wanted to re-record a chapter because they didn't did n't like the speaker , would you then",offer,True,two versions ?
You'll You 'll note we,offer,True,a couple of versions of some books .
Travel agencies may often,offer,True,cheaper and quicker services though .
The local rum distilleries,offer,True,tours ( check for opening times as they may very from season to season ) which are certainly worth the while since rum production is a very integral part of Guadeloupe's Guadeloupe 's economy .
"The city maintains several tourist information offices , all of which can",offer,True,"helpful information on accommodation , free maps , and bus connections ."
"Therefore , should you wish to donate to a monk , you should only",offer,True,"food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the temple ."
"Rather than asking a question , you can also simply",offer,True,your comments on these things .
You can even,offer,True,your own opinions and suggestions .
L'Enfant took only the first of three degrees,offered,True,by the Lodge and did not progress further in Freemasonry .
Hundreds of vendors,offered,True,"products new and old , joined by celebrity guests like Stan Lee , Mark Hamill , and Margaret Atwood ."
The thousands of cosplay outfits on parade around the various halls,offered,True,a tremendous cross-section of genres and eras of pop culture .
Smith,offered,True,three reasons .
"In this case , the excellent advice",offered,True,by your instructors on assisting chute opening may be of assistance to you .
"The study of how people , as fans , access and manage information within a transmedia system provides valuable insight that contributes not only to practitioners and scholars of the media industry , but to the wider context of cultural studies , by",offering,True,findings on this new model of the fan as consumer and information-user .
I believe that,offering,True,this right to fork has been a key element of our success thus far .
"This translates in many ways , even sometimes lowering initial",offering,True,prices at markets .
Women should avoid,offering,True,anything to a monk with their hands .
"Theravada Buddhist monks are also supposed to avoid material temptations and as such , are not allowed to touch money , so",offering,True,money to a monk is considered to be a sign of disrespect in most Theravada Buddhist cultures .
"Importantly , studying eye movements",offers,True,"an insight that does not depend on the participants’ participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork ."
"Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time",offers,True,"a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
"But , this data set is only a single snapshot of an evolving and expanding system and hence",offers,True,few insights into the changing composition and diversity trends within these academic fields .
"The fact that these criteria are widely known , however ,",offers,True,"an opportunity to those who would use them for deception , witting or unwitting ."
The application allows visualization of the player's player 's performance and,offers,True,the possibility of monitoring by teachers .
"From this , we conclude that an intervention based on cognitive digital games",offers,True,contributions to the learning process and improvement of sustained attention .
"The community center has dance , yoga , and other exercise classes ,",offers,True,open gym hours for basketball or other recreation .
Fort Lee,offers,True,"international cuisine and is famous for their pizzerias , delis and 24-hour diners , in addition to its Korean restaurants ."
"L'Americano , bd Georges Mandel , 0590883899 : bar / restaurant",offers,True,free salsa courses on Saturdays and live performances some days .
Yemenia Airlines,offers,True,one flight per week on Thursday morning .
Felix Airways,offers,True,two flights per week on Wednesday afternoon and Saturday morning .
