The technical term for this type of sequence is “,open,True,other-initiated repair ” :
"repair is initiated not by the speaker of the first turn but by the other participant ( “ other-initiated ” ) , and the repair initiator signals that there is a problem , but it leaves",open,True,what the problem is ( “ open ” ) [ 11 ] .
"Thus , we expect that careful phenotypic manipulation of extant birds can",open,True,"new avenues of experimental investigation into unexplored facets of dinosaur locomotor mechanics and energetics , providing a more nuanced understanding of the relationship between form and function in dinosaur evolution ."
"To investigate this , Daniel experimented by puncturing the wall of a pipe with a small",open,True,ended straw and noted that the height to which the fluid rose up the straw was related to fluid's fluid 's pressure in the pipe .
"Cara is watching me through the watery glass , her mouth a little",open,True,.
"You mentioned Larry Lessig's Lessig 's Free Culture , but it also includes some out of print titles by publishers who are",open,True,"to the concept , such as O'Reilly ."
"According to the New Zealand Herald , Emeritus Professor John Burrows , the chairman of the project's project 's panel of twelve , said New Zealand's Zealand 's flag has never before been",open,True,to public choice .
Fort Lee also has a great community center,open,True,to all borough residents .
"The community center has dance , yoga , and other exercise classes , offers",open,True,gym hours for basketball or other recreation .
"If you want to practice at home , make sure you've you 've got enough",open,True,"space to move freely , preferably on a hard wood floor ."
If it becomes apparent that you cannot can not,open,True,"either of your two parachutes , or that for some other reason they are fatally non-functional , then the following steps may be of some minor assistance ."
"In 1893 , Higuchi , her mother and her sister abandoned their middle class house and , with a grim determination to survive , moved to a poor neighborhood where they",opened,True,a stationery store that before long failed .
Holt,opened,True,2012 with Altoona and later joined Triple-A Indianapolis Indians .
It's It 's,opened,True,"up a new fan base , so to speak ."
"Claudio De Vincenti , undersecretary to the prime minister , said "" a discussion table will be",opened,True,"with the non-profit associations , religious association included "" ( ( it ) ) ."
The profits obtained from prosperous textile mills,opened,True,up practically unlimited possibilities for their owners .
"For example , after we've we 've",opened,True,"up by asking about this person's person 's interest in the band in his / her username , it's it 's logical and reasonable to ask about this person's person 's musical likes and dislikes ."
If your companion's companion 's canopy has successfully,opened,True,", then both your chances of survival have dramatically increased ."
Santa had spent his day,opening,True,envelopes from North American children and falling asleep watching the Pittsburgh - Cleveland game in the media room .
"The waters broke making way for the gnarled head of a whale , spouting water high against the clouds before",opening,True,"its whiskered maw and in a looming , booming voice called : He is coming , He is coming ."
It's It 's a book of,opening,True,", Overtures I called it , and there is no end to the stories ."
"The far end of part of the convention floor , shortly after",opening,True,Friday .
"I visited the festival on Saturday night , the",opening,True,"night , and there was a sea of people in the square ."
This past week marked the,opening,True,night of an Andy Warhol exhibit at the University of Southern Indiana .
Wikinews reporters attended the,opening,True,"and spoke to donors , exhibit organizers and patrons ."
The USI art gallery celebrated the Thursday,opening,True,"with its display of Warhol's Warhol 's Polaroids , gelatin silver prints and several colored screen prints ."
"Warhol was close to important touchstones of the 1960s , including art , music , consumer culture , fashion , and celebrity worship , which were all buzzwords and images Wikinews observed at USI's USI 's",opening,True,exhibit .
"Kiara Perkins , a second year USI art major , admitted she was willing to skip class Thursday night to attend the",opening,True,exhibit but then circumstances allowed for her to attend the exhibit .
Elements of the Zeitgeist were also playfully recreated on USI's USI 's,opening,True,night .
She,opens,True,the garage door so I can get in .
"This couch is also quite big , it fits three people quite comfortably , and if I have family or friends staying over , it",opens,True,up into a full double bed .
"If this is a solo jump , which constitutes the minority of skydivers , your only recourse is to ensure that at least one of your own chutes",opens,True,.
Water landings : if you have successfully attached to a companion whose chute,opens,True,", keep in mind that both your arms may be broken or dislocated , and you may be unable to swim or tread water before your chute fills and drags you under ."
