"In his My Linguistic Autobiography , he wrote of his ability to",pick,True,"up a Chinese dialect quickly , without much effort ."
"Holt was drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates with the club's club 's ninth round selection in the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft , one",pick,True,before his Rice teammate Ryan Berry . [ 7 ]
"Padalecki had an uncredited role as a high school bully in 2003's 2003 's comedy Cheaper by the Dozen , which he played after being asked by fellow actor and friend Tom Welling , who played Charlie Baker , and the director of the movie , who wanted someone larger than Charlie to",pick,True,on him .
We,pick,True,out a size .
Santa bent down to,pick,True,"them up , mumbling about “ emergency money . ”"
The first night I dreamed of seeing a stray dog and not stopping to,pick,True,it up although it was wandering in an empty parking lot near a busy road .
"We whittle that down on a Monday to about a hundred , come in Tuesday and",pick,True,an issue and brainstorm with the whole editorial staff ; all fifteen of us .
We go through a number of drafts and then have the editors,pick,True,"it up and assign the photojournalism aspect of it to our graphic design team , who adds the visual aspect to it ."
""" As a way to commercialize his work , he would make a blue Marilyn and a pink Marilyn and a yellow Marilyn , and then you could",pick,True,your favorite color and buy that .
Objects or donations should be placed in front of a monk so he can,pick,True,"it up , or place it on a special cloth he carries with him ."
Read up on different types of basil and,pick,True,"out one - or several - that appeal to you , then order the seeds or buy them at a garden store ."
The puppets used were,picked,True,specifically for this task with careful attention to their appearance .
"Padalecki originally auditioned for Welling's Welling 's role , but gave it up in order to film a pilot titled Young MacGyver which was never",picked,True,up . [ 8 ]
She,picked,True,up the pans in which she ’d made the potatoes and maple glaze .
So I,picked,True,up a rock the size of my fist and hit two of Pag's Pag 's assailants across the backs of their heads before anyone even knew I was in the game .
"She placed a shredded rectangle on the desk , and Carroll",picked,True,it up between his thumb and forefinger .
""" Daniel was",picked,True,up by an investigator in a black car with blacked out windows .
"With the development of artificial twines the sisal boom ended , and Mérida slowed to a more sleepy provincial capital until development",picked,True,back up in the late 20th century .
"She leaned against the kitchen counter ,",picking,True,dried glaze from the wrinkles in the back of her hand .
Jenna was,picking,True,herself up off the floor of the bathroom .
