Enjambment takes,place,True,"when a syntactic unit is broken up across two lines of poetry ( Domínguez Caparrós , 2000 : 103 ) , giving rise to different stylistic effects ( e.g. increased emphasis on elements of the broken-up phrase , or contrast between those elements ) , or creating double interpretations for the enjambed lines ( García-Paje , 1991 ) ."
"In Spanish poetry , the syntactic configurations under which enjambment takes",place,True,"have been described extensively , and detailed studies on the use of enjambment by individual authors exist ( see Martínez Cantón , 2011 for an overview ) including , among others Quilis ( 1964 ) , Domínguez Caparrós , ( 2000 ) , Paraíso , ( 2000 ) , Spang ( 1983 ) for a description of enjambment , and Alarcos ( 1966 ) , Senabre ( 1982 ) , Luján ( 2006 ) , Martínez Fernández ( 2010 ) for case-studies on a single author ."
"In Spanish tradition , enjambment ( in Spanish , "" encabalgamiento "" ) is considered to take",place,True,"when a pause suggested by poetic form ( e.g. at the end of a line or across hemistichs ) occurs between strongly connected lexical or syntactic units , triggering an unnatural cut between those units ."
"For example , pollution may result from attempts to game the systems put in",place,True,to track expertise .
Upon both of them entering and tying for first,place,True,"in a scientific contest at the University of Paris , Johann , unable to bear the "" shame "" of being compared Daniel's Daniel 's equal , banned Daniel from his house ."
His initiation took,place,True,"on April 17 , 1789 , at Holland Lodge No. 8 , F&AM , which the Grand Lodge of New York F&AM had chartered in 1787 ."
Galois' Galois ' fatal duel took,place,True,on 30 May . [ 17 ]
Resting,place,True,"Montmartre Cemetery , Paris , France"
"Within a few months his prediction came true , and Apa Horsiesios once more took his",place,True,as the head of the communities in both title and authority . [ 1 ]
"Or — and watching , people come to our",place,True,", and doing it and stuff you know ."
At that time he knew only vaguely that Hell was a,place,True,"you did not want to go , like the dark basement or the even darker attic ."
She,placed,True,"a shredded rectangle on the desk , and Carroll picked it up between his thumb and forefinger ."
"So the World Cup is ... it's it 's good to be able to do well at the World Cup , to be",placed,True,", but it also means that you get a really good opportunity to know where you 're at in that two year gap between the Paralympics ."
"According to Yonhap news agency , quoting North Korea's Korea 's main news agency Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) , the country's country 's military has been",placed,True,"on high alert and has been told to prepare a "" quasi-state of war "" ."
"Saudi officials had already provided safeguards by installing an oval wall with padded edges to protect pilgrams from a crush , installed security cameras and",placed,True,"over 60,000 security personnel in the area ."
Objects or donations should be,placed,True,"in front of a monk so he can pick it up , or place it on a special cloth he carries with him ."
"Thanks to urban planning , the major city streets are",placed,True,in a grid layout .
"Make an ultimate to-do list for this single project , and have it",placed,True,somewhere you will see it on a regular basis .
"This data set has shed considerable light on dramatic inequalities in faculty training ,",placement,True,", and scholarly productivity [ 6 , 19 , 20 ] ."
This application allows registering,places,True,of interest for the user .
"If you look at the rooms , there's there 's all the accouterments you'd you 'd find in these types of",places,True,"-- but more than anything , there's there 's a lot of good feeling around here ."
As a result some folks believe wikiHow is a more humane and enjoyable place to work than other,places,True,online .
"An ATM and currency exchange are available at Havana airport , but these facilities are not as reliable in Cuba as in other",places,True,.
Gosier : maybe one of the most interesting,places,True,of Guadeloupe to enjoy nightlife .
"Morne à l'eau , renowned for its amazing cemetery composed of burial",places,True,made of black and white tiles .
Spanish is a language often used for day-to-day discourse in many,places,True,", although English is the language of preference , especially when dealing with businesses and government ."
you should make sure that your clothing covers at least your shoulders and your knees and some,places,True,may require that you wear ankle-length pants or skirts and long sleeved tops .
That makes it much easier to find,places,True,than in cities where streets go every which way .
Another variation is where the referee,places,True,the snitch somewhere in the field ( in this case it's it 's a small ball ) .
One option is to toast the quinoa before,placing,True,in the rice cooker .
"On the other hand , there are already machines that can",replace,True,our memory .
The back of a chair can,replace,True,the need for a bar .
"Instead of using vegan sugar , you can",replace,True,it with equal parts maple sugar or rice syrup
You can,replace,True,the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .
Hydrogen peroxide is used to,replace,True,the luminol's luminol 's nitrogen atoms with oxygen .
