Tenured and tenure-track university faculty,play,True,"a special role in determining the speed and direction of scientific progress , both directly through their research and indirectly through their training of new researchers ."
Replication studies are considered by many to,play,True,a fundamental role in any scientific endeavor .
"Goode played Peter Lynley , the brother of Inspector Lynley in the BBC production Inspector Lynley Mysteries : A Suitable Vengeance and co-starred in the TV film Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister , based on the Gregory Maguire novel of the same name and William Shakespeare's Shakespeare 's",play,True,The Tempest .
"On June 8 , 2014 , in order to allow Xander Bogaerts to",play,True,"3rd base , Holt moved to left field ."
"Now he remembered that they always ate in the dining room , and when they did",play,True,"board games , it was always on the coffee table in the living room ."
The idea is to,play,True,fish except every time you get a match you ’re supposed to do what it says .
"That granddaughter : her parents both worked in the vineyards , and when she was a child , she would",play,True,in my courtyard in the after-noons .
We just didn't did n't,play,True,as well as we thought we would .
It is our belief that these international mechanisms,play,True,a significant and important role as guardians of the common human values we have together adopted .
With the idealism and fair,play,True,"which are the core of our system and our strength , we can have a strong and prosperous America , at peace with itself and the world ."
While Cleveland continues to,play,True,"a leading role in building the U.S. industrial base , it has also developed economic prowess in the fields of health care , law , finance , insurance , real estate development , and professional services ."
Goode,played,True,"Peter Lynley , the brother of Inspector Lynley in the BBC production Inspector Lynley Mysteries : A Suitable Vengeance and co-starred in the TV film Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister , based on the Gregory Maguire novel of the same name and William Shakespeare's Shakespeare 's play The Tempest ."
"In 1696 , Gordon's Gordon 's design of a "" moveable rampart """,played,True,a key role in helping the Russians take Azov . [ 3 ]
"While primarily used as an infielder , he has started in and",played,True,"at every position for the Red Sox , except for pitcher and catcher ."
He first,played,True,"in MLB for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 2012 , but has played for the Red Sox every season since ."
"In 2013 , Holt",played,True,"in 26 games , hitting .203 with 11 RBI ."
She,played,True,"a banana in The Annoying Orange episode "" Fake n' Bacon "" ."
She,played,True,"Miley Cyrus in a "" Wrecking Ball "" - inspired segment of YouTube Rewind 2013 ."
"In 2000 , he was cast as Dean Forester on the television series Gilmore Girls , a role he",played,True,until 2005 .
"Padalecki had an uncredited role as a high school bully in 2003's 2003 's comedy Cheaper by the Dozen , which he",played,True,"after being asked by fellow actor and friend Tom Welling , who played Charlie Baker , and the director of the movie , who wanted someone larger than Charlie to pick on him ."
"Theodorus of Tabennese ( c. 314 – 368 ) , also known as Abba Theodorus and Theodore the Sanctified was the spiritual successor to Pachomius and",played,True,a crucial role in preventing the first Christian cenobitic monastic federation from collapsing after the death of its founder .
"We waved and called , and they laughed and",played,True,", tantalising , their seaweed locks just out of reach ."
"The games have features like increasing challenges , rules that establish what can and cannot can not be done , and involvement of the",player,True,"in the quest to gain skills and win the game ( Kirriemuir & McFarlane , 2004 ; Prensky , 2005 ) ."
The application allows visualization of the player's,player,True,'s performance and offers the possibility of monitoring by teachers .
"In 2005 , Holt was named defensive",player,True,"of the year in District 6-4A , [ 3 ] and he earned all-district honors in 2006 , his senior year . [ 4 ]"
"On September 4 , against the Houston Astros , Holt became only the second Pirates",player,True,since 1900 to have a four-hit game within his first four career games in the majors .
The only other Pirates,player,True,"to have a four-hit game so early in his career was Jack Merson , who went 4-for-5 in his second major league game on September 15 , 1951 . [ 11 ]"
Because,player,True,"thr- player three is aggressive , so he's he 's gonna gon na like go for everything ."
"Gameplay was delayed during the "" third map "" ( third round ) of the finals , when one Immortals",player,True,was caught with their headset off .
Follow your duty depending what type of,player,True,you are :
If a,player,True,is pegged they have to stop what they 're doing and pay a penalty ; i.e. ( drop the quaffle in the case of a chaser ) and run back to and touch their goal post or alternatively sit down for 10 seconds .
You can establish you own rules as to how a,player,True,catches the snitch .
"Then the seekers search for the snitch , and attempt to tag the",player,True,.
"In the 20-minute PlayStation VR demonstration of Batman : Arkham VR ,",players,True,"are dropped down a secret elevator in Bruce Wayne's Wayne 's manor , to the Bat Cave , to suit up ."
"From there , the demonstration took",players,True,to investigate the murder of Nightwing .
Gather all needed materials and,players,True,( see Things You'll You 'll Need section below ) .
Know that all,players,True,can play while riding a broom .
Beaters try to peg,players,True,with their bludger .
The simplest way is to just peg,players,True,by throwing dodge balls .
15,players,True,
"Upon arrival at the school , however , it became clear that the children were not accustomed to",playing,True,with puppets and that the data collection would be a novel experience for them .
"Holt received his first championship ring when the Red Sox won the World Series over the St. Louis Cardinals in six games , despite not",playing,True,in the postseason .
She began,playing,True,"small roles in films in 1949 , with impressive performances in the Fernandel vehicle Meurtres ? ( Three Sinners , 1950 ) and impressive performances alongside Jean Gabin as a showgirl / gangster's gangster 's moll in the film Touchez pas au grisbi ( 1954 ) ."
He is best known for,playing,True,the role of Sam Winchester in the TV series Supernatural .
"He was five or so , and they were",playing,True,some board game at the kitchen table .
When she finally frowned at him and threatened to stop,playing,True,if he didn’t did n’t stop he told her to go to Hell .
And it was in a grandmother bar by the waterfront — sipping hot tea with rum and watching over the shoulders of dockworkers,playing,True,mah-jongg — that I first heard of the valley of giants .
"The Government of the Republic of Albania will continue to constantly demonstrate its commitment to a full implementation of the standards enshrined in the United Nations and Council of Europe conventions , as well as the relevant documents of regional organizations , such as the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , in which we are",playing,True,a very active role .
"This coffee table over here , it's it 's glass and has two levels , so it's it 's really good when we have multiple friends over , and we have lots of food to put on the table , or if we 're",playing,True,"board games , we can have people sit around it , and still have a lot of space to lay everything out ."
"Although it is highly built up , Fort Lee also houses many",playing,True,fields and recreational parks as well as bike and running trails .
If you ’re in an elevator that is,playing,True,"music , start to dance ."
Lighting,plays,True,a large part on the consumption of household electrical energy ; it consumes about 18 % of the total generated electricity of total energy consumption in residential sectors as shown in figure 2 [ 2 ] .
"By 1965 , Fillmore had come to acknowledge that semantics",plays,True,a crucial role in grammar . [ 6 ]
Who,plays,True,in that one ?
Both Ruse’s Ruse ’s and Street’s Street ’s arguments rely on the idea that we should only accept that something exists if it,plays,True,an indispensable explanatory role and there are means to resist these arguments . [ 12 ]
