,"They can cause property damage , create a mess , and",produce,True,unpleasant smells .
,"Additionally , diversity has been shown to",produce,True,"more supportive social climates and effective learning environments [ 4 ] , which can facilitate the mentoring of young scientists ."
,A yet more egregious example of such pollution involved collaborative efforts by pharmaceutical companies and the publishing giant Elsevier to,produce,True,publications mimicking peer-reviewed journals in the interest of promoting the companies’ companies ’ commercial products [ 23 ] .
,It is possible that these two children understood the task and really did believe that the puppet did not,produce,True,"any poor descriptions , and in this regard , are not yet adult-like in their SI interpretations ."
,We have shown that the addition of an artificial tail during ontogeny can,produce,True,"postural and locomotory changes in chickens , consistent with the posture and kinematics inferred for non-avian dinosaurs [ 5 ] , [ 6 ] , [ 11 ] ."
,Differences in limb orientation can,produce,True,substantial differences in loading regimes on limb bones .
,"Moreover , seeing someone perform on the internet takes away the use of our senses , originality and imagination that reading and thinking about magic can",produce,True,.
,Some of the most intriguing questions are chemical ; do they,produce,True,"some kind of antifreeze , and is that orange glow in the ROV lights their own ?"
,"First , summary statistics of the study variables and racial categories were",produced,True,.
,Skin aging and skin cancer will be discussed as those reactions,produced,True,by prolonged or repeated UVR exposure [ 4 ] .
,The posterior displacement of the CoM,produced,True,"a more vertically oriented femur during standing ( femur in experimental animals was 40 % more vertical than control subjects ) , and increased femoral retraction and decreased knee flexion during walking ."
,To test if the postural differences observed in this study,produced,True,"changes in limb morphology , we measured the length and mid-shaft cross-sectional properties of the femur in all our individuals ."
,"Thus , our study seems to have generated a more gradual and less pronounced change in the moment of inertia",produced,True,"by the artificial tail , allowing experimental subjects to adjust to the posterior mass by adopting a more vertical position of the femur while standing ."
,"I am curious about the population structure of the "" fields "" of anemones - the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs includes many species that reproduce asexually , and it's it 's possible that the fields are "" clones """,produced,True,asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction .
,"When I ran eHow , the content was professionally",produced,True,and edited .
,"Flourishing along the hot Gulf Coast of Mexico from about 1200 to about 400 BCE , the Olmec",produced,True,"a number of major works of art , architecture , pottery , and sculpture ."
,"For optimal comparability , we studied the exact same conversational environment across languages : that of other-initiated repair ( OIR ) , in which one participant",produces,True,"a turn at talk , the other then signals some trouble with this turn , and finally the first produces a next turn which aims to solve the trouble , usually by means of repetition and / or modification ."
,"It can be seen as an allegory of Christ’s Christ ’s death and resurrection , though this idea",produces,True,some puzzles .
,There s [ sic ] something in the hilarious anarchy of the net that,produces,True,"these ' events ' every now and again . """
,"For example , if a factory",produces,True,"only 100 cars per year , each car will be quite expensive to make on average ."
,"However , if a factory",produces,True,"50,000 cars each year , then it can set up an assembly line with huge machines and workers performing specialized tasks , and the average cost of production per car will be lower ."
,Coconut oil also,produces,True,good results .
,This business model worked for,producing,True,content on topics that appeal to advertisers in languages like English that have large advertising markets .
,When we divide and subdivide the tasks involved with,producing,True,"a good or service , workers and businesses can produce a greater quantity of output ."
,"Third , specialization allows businesses to take advantage of economies of scale , which means that for many goods , as the level of production increases , the average cost of",producing,True,each individual unit declines .
,These operators,reproduce,True,programming errors that are litely to occur during the development of this type of applications .
,"I am curious about the population structure of the "" fields "" of anemones - the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs includes many species that",reproduce,True,"asexually , and it's it 's possible that the fields are "" clones "" produced asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction ."
,"According to Wilkins , Warhol was able to",reproduce,True,"the Polaroid photograph and create an enlargement of it , which he then could use to commit the image to the silk screen medium by applying paint or manipulating them further ."
