Such surveys can,provide,True,valuable insight into trends and summary statistics on the scientific workforce but suffer from two key weaknesses .
First we,provide,True,the definition of enjambment adopted .
Such alternative ( and probably derived ) uses,provide,True,"insight in possible paths of semantic change , but we exclude them here to make sure we are comparing like with like ."
"Albeit limited , these results",provide,True,"valuable insight into SI interpretation by Chitonga-speaking children and demonstrate that pragmatic inference acquisition likely follows the order identified in previous research , but appears to be completed at a later age in this language ."
"Thus , our overall aim is to",provide,True,"conceptual clarification and an empirical base for future discussion and production of replication studies , with a view to improving the amount and quality of L2 replication research ."
Her experience living in this neighborhood would,provide,True,"material for several of her later stories , especially "" Takekurabe "" , ( literally , "" Comparing heights "" ; "" Child's Child 's Play "" in the Robert Lyons Danly translation ; also called "" Growing Up "" in the Edward Seidensticker translation . )"
At a minimum this would,provide,True,a helpful compatibility with other wikis and free culture projects .
"People want to learn more practical skills , and for the most part the internet doesn't does n't",provide,True,enough quality information yet .
Microsoft says that the latest versions of Internet Explorer,provide,True,the user with enhanced protection from these attacks and threats .
"All but 10 of the remaining passengers on the flight , who are not considered to be close contacts , have also been contacted to",provide,True,reassurance and answer any questions they might have ; those 10 that haven't have n't been contacted did not provide accurate contact information .
"Evolutionary explanations of morality , however ,",provide,True,us with a useful starting point for thinking about these questions .
"In this paper , we report upon the novel insights eye-tracking techniques have",provided,True,into the unconscious processes of viewing the unique collection of Zurbarán artworks .
"It is also possible though that these two children were attempting to please the data collectors , or be polite , and that “ yes ” was in some ways a default answer to be",provided,True,when having to respond verbally in a test context .
"Example of aerated concrete , which",provided,True,a home for the subjects .
"Image ; Pacific Standard ,",provided,True,by the owners .
Even though legislative support may be less strong than the one,provided,True,"by the Americans with Disabilities Act , many social institutions including the media are more receptive to this form of diversity ."
"Members of the Sea Org live a strict lifestyle – with little income , small diet",provided,True,and significant time invested in work per day .
"According to Rathbun , a detective for the Los Angeles Sheriff's Sheriff 's office was",provided,True,with material from Scientology to build a case against Montalvo .
Saudi officials had already,provided,True,"safeguards by installing an oval wall with padded edges to protect pilgrams from a crush , installed security cameras and placed over 60,000 security personnel in the area ."
"They also bred small domesticated dogs which , along with fish ,",provided,True,their protein .
"From Canada , the tourist card is normally",provided,True,on the flight .
This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually explore artworks and,provides,True,"new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
"Second , aggregate information",provides,True,"only a high-level view of a field , which can make it difficult to investigate causality [ 23 ] ."
The second,provides,True,an example of the type of research enabled by our system and uses the 2011 and 2017 censuses to investigate the “ leaky pipeline ” problem in faculty retention .
Systematically collecting large amounts of enjambment examples,provides,True,"helpful evidence to assess scholars’ scholars ’ current claims , and may stimulate novel analyses ."
The project’s project ’s website,provides,True,"details omitted here for space reasons , including samples for the corpus , results , and other details ."
"The Open Science Framework ( https://osf.io ) , also established in 2011 ,",provides,True,"a web infrastructure to facilitate collaboration and has been used for large replication efforts in psychology ( e.g. , Open Science Collaboration , 2015 ) , which continue to make waves in academia ( Laws , 2016 ; Lindsay , 2015 ; Martin & Clarke , 2017 ) and the general media ( Baker , 2015 ; Devlin , 2016 ) ."
"To gain insight into these issues in the context of L2 research , the systematic review",provides,True,a synthesis of L2 studies in journal articles that self-labeled as replications .
"The study of how people , as fans , access and manage information within a transmedia system",provides,True,"valuable insight that contributes not only to practitioners and scholars of the media industry , but to the wider context of cultural studies , by offering findings on this new model of the fan as consumer and information-user ."
A comparison of categories and sub-categories between both groups,provides,True,"preliminary findings to support an emergent model , or models , of the “ transmedia fan ” ."
Wikinews,provides,True,"additional video , audio and photographs so our readers may learn more ."
"Well , this administration's administration 's objective will be a healthy , vigorous , growing economy that",provides,True,"equal opportunities for all Americans , with no barriers born of bigotry or discrimination ."
"By assembling an accurate census of an entire field from online information alone , this system will facilitate new research on the composition of academic fields by",providing,True,"access to complete faculty listings , without having to rely on surveys or professional societies ."
We expected that the use of a training session and then the format of the question would guide participants towards evaluating pragmatic felicity over,providing,True,"truth value judgments , and would result in adult-like interpretations ."
"Thus , we expect that careful phenotypic manipulation of extant birds can open new avenues of experimental investigation into unexplored facets of dinosaur locomotor mechanics and energetics ,",providing,True,a more nuanced understanding of the relationship between form and function in dinosaur evolution .
I think that,providing,True,people with a practical education is one of the most empowering things you can offer a person .
"Depending on region and crops , the yields may be primarily sensitive to ozone - in the case of wheat - or heat - in the case of maize - alone ,",providing,True,a local estimation of relative benefits of climate change adaptation versus ozone regulation .
