"More recently , institutions of academic expertise have been subject to a large and growing outbreak of so-called predatory journals — journals that will",publish,True,almost anything for a fee .
"Around 4 July 1831 , Poisson declared Galois' Galois ' work "" incomprehensible "" , declaring that "" [ Galois' Galois ' ] argument is neither sufficiently clear nor sufficiently developed to allow us to judge its rigor "" ; however , the rejection report ends on an encouraging note : "" We would then suggest that the author should",publish,True,"the whole of his work in order to form a definitive opinion . "" [ 16 ]"
"It is unsurprising , in the light of his character and situation at the time , that Galois reacted violently to the rejection letter , and decided to abandon publishing his papers through the Academy and instead",publish,True,them privately through his friend Auguste Chevalier .
the legitimacy of the,published,True,"findings was not enhanced through their publication by Elsevier , but rather the legitimacy of Elsevier’s Elsevier ’s publications — and , by extension , all academic journals — was diminished through their dissemination of deceptive and commercially interested research ."
Frontiers in Public Health controversially,published,True,articles linking vaccines and autism [ 24 ] and questioning the link between HIV and AIDS [ 25 ] .
"Since conflicts of interest are a reason to discount expertise , it is incumbent on me to note that I have",published,True,in Frontiers journals on several occasions .
By compiling data from,published,True,"literature we found that in thirty-one languages around the world , the interjection for other-initiated repair appears to be strongly similar ( Figure 1 ) ."
The severe concerns underpinning the alleged crisis have several dimensions relating to : (a) the ( small ) amount of,published,True,"replication research ; (b) the ( poor ) quality of replication research ; and (c) the ( lack of ) reproducibility , which refers to the extent to which findings can (not ( not ) be reproduced in replication attempts that have been undertaken ."
"In the field of L2 research , given the importance of replication and the 50 calls for replication in L2 research that we identified , one might expect a substantial number of",published,True,replication studies by now .
"However , a perceived lack of prestige , excitement , and originality of replication plagues L2 research ( Porte , 2012 ) , as it does other disciplines ( Berez-Kroeker et al. , 2017 ; Branco , Cohen , Vossen , Ide , & Calzolari , 2017 ; Chambers , 2017 ; Schmidt , 2009 ) , and these perceptions are thought to have caused , at least in part ( directly or indirectly ) , alleged low rates and a poor quality of",published,True,replication studies .
"However , a systematic metascience on replication research has not yet been established in the field of L2 research , leaving a poor understanding of the actual number and nature of replication studies that have been",published,True,.
"His earliest mathematical work was the Exercitationes ( Mathematical Exercises ) ,",published,True,in 1724 with the help of Goldbach .
"His chief work is Hydrodynamica ,",published,True,in 1738 ;
"During this period of time , he collaborated with Luo Changpei and Li Fang-Kuei , the other two leading Chinese linguists of his generation , to edit and render into Chinese Bernhard Karlgren's Karlgren 's monumental Etudes sur la Phonologie Chinoise (",published,True,in 1940 ) .
"Whether due to this behavior or not , Jeffrey Beall decided to add the",publisher,True,to his influential ( but now sadly unavailable ) list of questionable journals [ 26 ] .
If academics with expertise in relevant fields have difficulty assessing whether particular journals or particular,publishers,True,"are legitimate , one cannot can not reasonably expect ordinary people to make such judgments ."
"You mentioned Larry Lessig's Lessig 's Free Culture , but it also includes some out of print titles by",publishers,True,"who are open to the concept , such as O'Reilly ."
The exhibit at USI includes Polaroids of actor Dennis Hopper ; musician Nick Rhodes of Duran Duran ;,publishers,True,"Jann Wenner of Rolling Stone Magazine and Carlo De Benedetti of Italy's Italy 's la Repubblica ; disco club owner Steve Rubell of Studio 54 ; photographers Nat Finkelstein , Christopher Makos and Felice Quinto ; and athletes Vitas Gerulaitis ( tennis ) and Jack Nicklaus ( golf ) ."
A yet more egregious example of such pollution involved collaborative efforts by pharmaceutical companies and the,publishing,True,giant Elsevier to produce publications mimicking peer-reviewed journals in the interest of promoting the companies’ companies ’ commercial products [ 23 ] .
"It is unsurprising , in the light of his character and situation at the time , that Galois reacted violently to the rejection letter , and decided to abandon",publishing,True,his papers through the Academy and instead publish them privately through his friend Auguste Chevalier .
