You,remember,True,"the last time , that's that 's what happened ."
You,remember,True,?
"In Tyler’s Tyler ’s mind he could see her face grow taut , lose color , and then , for the only time he could",remember,True,", she began to cry ."
"Back then I didn't did n't so much think as observe , didn't did n't deduce so much as",remember,True,— and what I remembered was a thousand inspirational stories lauding anyone who ever stuck up for the underdog .
I,remember,True,"wondering why I didn't did n't take any satisfaction from that sound , why it meant nothing beyond the fact I had one less opponent to worry about ."
I didn't did n't,remember,True,doing that .
I,remember,True,going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red box with the dragons on it and I didn't did n't even know what it did .
Could be I give so many talks I can’t ca n’t,remember,True,.
We don't do n't really,remember,True,.
I,remember,True,"one of our ads that I had put in said , "" If you think nice girls don't do n't do S&M , "" -- I forgot what the rest of it said --"
And I think I,remember,True,", a bunch of guys called because of that also ."
He is particularly,remembered,True,"for his applications of mathematics to mechanics , especially fluid mechanics , and for his pioneering work in probability and statistics ."
He,remembered,True,"liking the singing and the colorful windows , and how safe he felt there , in that large , empty space , sitting on a hard bench next to her warmth ."
He also,remembered,True,his own utter confusion .
He,remembered,True,feeling resentful that she was crying and he did not even understand why .
Now he,remembered,True,"that they always ate in the dining room , and when they did play board games , it was always on the coffee table in the living room ."
"Back then I didn't did n't so much think as observe , didn't did n't deduce so much as remember — and what I",remembered,True,was a thousand inspirational stories lauding anyone who ever stuck up for the underdog .
