"Late in his life , he was invited by Deng Xiaoping to",return,True,to China in 1981 .
"After an education at the parish schools of Cruden and Ellon , at age of fifteen he entered the Jesuit college at Braunsberg , East Prussia , then part of Poland ; however , his character did not tolerate well the strict and sombre way of life at the school , and he soon decided to",return,True,home .
After his,return,True,he distinguished himself in several wars against the Turks and Tatars in southern Russia .
Her mentor did not,return,True,"her passionate , if discreet , love for him , and instead treated her as a younger sister ."
A brother from Theodorus’ Theodorus ’ monastery stayed with Pachomius in Tabennese while traveling and preached of the virtues of the Koinonia upon his,return,True,to Sne .
You might therefore wish to start right in on the first page of text that follows and only then,return,True,to this introduction .
There's There 's a,return,True,"trip planned hopefully for 2015 , with both biologists and ANDRILL geologists ."
"This is the first US "" sample",return,True,""" mission since Apollo , and the first ever from beyond the moon ."
"By "" sample",return,True,""" of course I mean a mission that brings back extraterrestrial material ."
"I should have said above that this is the first "" solid "" sample",return,True,mission —
Those who do work are denied a fair,return,True,for their labor by a tax system which penalizes successful achievement and keeps us from maintaining full productivity .
He,returned,True,"to the University of Basel , where he successively held the chairs of medicine , metaphysics , and natural philosophy until his death ."
"Taking his discoveries further , Daniel Bernoulli now",returned,True,to his earlier work on Conservation of Energy .
He,returned,True,"to China in 1920 , marrying the physician Yang Buwei there that year ."
"Chao taught mathematics at Tsinghua University and , one year later ,",returned,True,to the United States to teach at Harvard .
He again,returned,True,"to China in 1925 , teaching at Tsinghua , and beginning a survey of the Wu dialects in 1926 ."
"Previously at the invitation of Premier Zhou En-Lai , Chao and his wife",returned,True,to China in 1973 for the first time since the 1940s .
He,returned,True,"to the US , receiving his doctorate at the University of Michigan and then teaching at The Ohio State University in Columbus ."
Galois,returned,True,"to mathematics after his expulsion from the École Normale , although he continued to spend time in political activities ."
"Her parents separated permanently while Moreau was at the conservatory and her mother , "" after 24 difficult years in France ,",returned,True,"to England with Jeanne's Jeanne 's [ 6 ] sister , Michelle . "" [ 6 ]"
Normalcy,returned,True,", though never again would Pachomius fully trust his former protégé ."
Frank Rack got in touch after they,returned,True,from Antarctica in hopes that I could help with an identification on the anemone .
"If they smell strongly earlier , test with a wooden skewer ; if it",returns,True,"clean after sticking into a cupcake , they 're ready ."
