"On May 31 , 2014 , against the Tampa Bay Rays at Fenway Park , Holt hit his first Major League home",run,True,.
"After 1949 , she began appearing in films with small parts but continued primarily active in the theatre for several years — a year at the Théâtre National Populaire opposite among others Gérard Philipe and Robert Hirsch , then a breakout two years in dual roles in The Dazzling Hour by Anna Bonacci , then Jean Cocteau's Cocteau 's La Machine Infernale and others before another two-year",run,True,", this time in Shaw's Shaw 's Pygmalion . [ 6 ]"
Chalmers saw his friends,run,True,"forward as their names were called out , scrambling into cockpits , pulling on helmets and performing last-minute safety checks ."
We are,run,True,as a Hybrid Organization - a for-profit company focused on achieving a social good .
My first attempt at building this resource was a website I used to,run,True,called eHow .
eHow contains copyrighted content,run,True,on proprietary software .
"Professor Burrows also said resources and kits would be accessible for schools and communities , "" For example , schools can",run,True,"their own flag discussions and referendums to mirror the formal process as part of their own learning exercise "" ."
"USI's USI 's exhibit , which is located in Evansville , Indiana , is to",run,True,from January 23 through March 9 .
"For example , it is easier to be a wheat farmer in North Dakota than in Florida , but easier to",run,True,a tourist hotel in Florida than in North Dakota .
You will,run,True,into significant difficulties if you do not have enough cash to pay this tax when leaving the country .
"And although there is a great deal of vehicle traffic to and from the George Washington Bridge , which connects Fort Lee with Manhattan , one of the largest perks of this town is the walking access to many restaurants , convenience stores and mass transit , in the form of buses and vans that frequently",run,True,across the bridge and up and down major streets .
Home,runs,True,19
"After transferring to Rice University in 2009 , he posted a .348 batting average with 12 home",runs,True,and 43 RBIs in 59 games for the Rice Owls .
He also led the Owls with 67,runs,True,scored and shared the team lead with 11 stolen bases .
He also,runs,True,the AntyScience blog .
"Like Wikipedia , wikiHow is a wiki that",runs,True,on Mediawiki software .
"Stardust @ home is a highly distributed project using a "" Virtual Microscope "" that is written in html and javascript and",runs,True,on most browsers — no downloads are required .
The festival,runs,True,through March 11 this year .
The Katy Trail,runs,True,west to Sand Springs .
"The snitch , generally a track runner ,",runs,True,around ( usually the boundaries ) trying to evade the seekers .
