"On the surface , it does",seem,True,"as if there is variability and perhaps a larger sample size or more items could lead to a significant finding ( see limitations below ) , but at least for this study , the only significant finding was the difference between cardinal numbers and some ."
It didn't did n't,seem,True,fair that we should lie here and be afraid while the men were getting drunk and singing .
We always,seem,True,to have just a little bit of a chill out at the World Cup .
Many books and articles in moral philosophy start with the observation that moral judgments,seem,True,to be objectively true and the assumption that this is how non-philosophers also think about morality .
We,seem,True,"to think moral questions have correct answers ; that the correct answers are made correct by objective moral facts ; that moral facts are wholly determined by circumstances ; and that , by engaging in moral conversation and argument , we can discover what these objective facts are ."
It would,seem,True,like an incredible coincidence if the realists were right that our moral judgments are nonetheless true .
Accidentally true beliefs do not,seem,True,problematic in every case .
"At first glance , for a city of 760,000 and agglomeration of 1.428,000 , there does not",seem,True,to be much to see .
Do you always,seem,True,"to cross paths with people who are stuck on themselves , intolerant of people different from them , rude or downright arrogant ?"
This happens when you question ( or at least,seem,True,"to question ) their appearance , intelligence , athletic abilities , or anything else relating to their self-image ."
"Don't Do n't buy shoes to grow into , because your feet will",seem,True,flexed when you pointe and will look flat .
"After his expulsion became official in January 1831 , he attempted to start a private class in advanced algebra which attracted some interest , but this waned , as it",seemed,True,that his political activism had priority . [ 4 ] [ 7 ]
"Often I would find myself entering those crypts , deep dug in the earth , with their walls on either side lined with the bodies of the dead , where everything was so dark that almost it",seemed,True,"as though the Psalmist's Psalmist 's words were fulfilled , Let them go down quick into Hell . [ 14 ]"
"After Theodorus had been assisting Pachomius at Tabennese for several years following his demotion , Pachomius became very ill and",seemed,True,to be on the verge of death .
Then she sighed in a way that,seemed,True,to suggest she was regretting her decision to take him home .
This somehow,seemed,True,embarrassing .
"One of the soldiers turned to face him , the ruby-like eyes",seeming,True,to pierce his very soul .
Jealousy of your achievements or,seeming,True,lifestyle can cause another person to feel smug or arrogant about something they think they do better than you or something they own / have that you don't do n't .
"In fact , someone’s someone ’s productivity , particularly at night , depends on the presence of a good lighting and it",seems,True,that it is a daily necessity .
Now that the world is in the age where lighting,seems,True,"to be a daily necessity , typical homes as shown in figure 1 , consume nearly 27 percent of the energy used today : making lighting as the major source of electricity consumption ."
"Thus , our study",seems,True,"to have generated a more gradual and less pronounced change in the moment of inertia produced by the artificial tail , allowing experimental subjects to adjust to the posterior mass by adopting a more vertical position of the femur while standing ."
"However , the legend of Galois pouring his mathematical thoughts onto paper the night before he died",seems,True,to have been exaggerated . [ 7 ]
"After several years in Rome , he travelled with Bonosus to Gaul and settled in Trier where he",seems,True,"to have first taken up theological studies , and where , for his friend Tyrannius Rufinus , he copied Hilary of Poitiers' Poitiers ' commentary on the Psalms and the treatise De synodis ."
He,seems,True,"to have abstained for a considerable time from the study of the classics and to have plunged deeply into that of the Bible , under the impulse of Apollinaris of Laodicea , then teaching in Antioch and not yet suspected of heresy ."
"During this period , he",seems,True,to have found time for studying and writing .
He made his first attempt to learn Hebrew under the guidance of a converted Jew ; and he,seems,True,to have been in correspondence with Jewish Christians in Antioch .
Although it,seems,True,"Theodorus practiced complete submission to the new leader of the Koinonia , problems soon arose in several Pachomian monasteries that viewed Horsiesios as a weak leader ."
This step,seems,True,"trivial , but it is really the most important part !"
It,seems,True,"like some publications , like AM New York , always have a Britney Spears story ;"
