"With over 40,000 inhabitants , though , it's it 's not just a nature",reserve,True,.
"While skydiving , it is possible ( yet extremely unlikely ) that both your primary and",reserve,True,"parachutes will malfunction , leaving you with no method of reducing your velocity ."
If both your primary and,reserve,True,"chutes have malfunctioned , signal immediately to a fellow jumper who has not yet deployed their chute , waving your arms and signalling that your own is not functional ."
Your,reserve,True,chute should have been packed by a certified rigger and is moderately less likely to fail ;
"therefore , it may be helpful to focus your efforts on opening your",reserve,True,parachute .
"When using the same materials and procedures as a previous study , replication studies",serve,True,to test the reliability of the previous study’s study ’s findings .
"When altering specific methodological or participant characteristics of a previous study , they",serve,True,to test generalizability of the earlier findings under different conditions .
L'Enfant was recruited by Pierre Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais to,serve,True,in the American Revolutionary War in the United States .
"This right to fork guarantees that wikiHow , the company , will always",serve,True,the goal of the mission and our volunteer community .
"Cynthia Thompson , curator and director of exhibits at the University of Arkansas , Fayetteville , said , "" These images",serve,True,"as documentation of people in his every day life and art - one which many of us enjoy a glimpse into . """
"In the context of strengthening regional cooperation , my country is committed to a more enhanced partnership with all regional organizations and initiatives that",serve,True,"the promotion of good neighbourly relations ; the strengthening of regional peace , security and stability ; ensuring political support for integration into Euro-Atlantic structures , and attracting financing for national and regional projects in priority fields such as energy , transportation and telecommunications ."
Fluff with a fork and,serve,True,.
You can then use your Skittles vodka to make brightly-colored cocktails or even,serve,True,it as a sugary shot !
He,served,True,as Bertrand Russell's Russell 's interpreter when Russell visited China in 1920 .
"In 1945 , he",served,True,"as president of the Linguistic Society of America , and a special issue of the society's society 's journal Language was dedicated to him in 1966 ."
"He arrived in 1777 at the age of 23 , and",served,True,as a military engineer in the Continental Army with Major General Lafayette .
L'Enfant,served,True,on General George Washington's Washington 's staff at Valley Forge .
He was exchanged in November 1780 and,served,True,on General George Washington's Washington 's staff for the remainder of the American Revolution .
Fillmore,served,True,as President of the Linguistic Society of America in 1991 and was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Chicago in 2000 . [ 7 ]
In the course of the next five years he,served,True,alternately for Poland and Sweden and was taken prisoner by both .
He,served,True,as minister of finance after the overthrow of the monarch after the 1958 Iraqi coup d'état for the government of General Abd al-Karim Qasim .
"In 2007 , Jared",served,True,"as the host of MTV's MTV 's horror reality series , Room 401 , which was discontinued after only eight episodes due to poor ratings . [ 11 ]"
It is,served,True,in a cocktail glass and topped with Godiva chocolate flakes .
How many times do you suppose you’ve you ’ve,served,True,it at your establishment since its creation ?
It,serves,True,as a reminder of the work that needs to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .
Traffic congestion on the main arterial roads,serving,True,"the city ( especially the A19 on Bootham and the Inner Ring Road ) can get very bad , especially during the rush hours and on Saturday mornings ."
