Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman,et,True,"al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
"Other studies specifically investigate the use of digital games in the school context and suggest potential for digital game use to improve of student's student 's attention span at preschool age ( Rueda , Checa , & Cómbita , 2012 ) , to improve overall intelligence capacity of elementary school children ( Miller & Robertson , 2010 ) , and to better performance of working memory ability ( Klingberg",et,True,"al. , 2005 ; Thorell , Lindqvist , Nutley , Bohlin , & Klingberg , 2009 ) ."
"In some fields , a flourishing metascience , that is , the scientific study of science ( see Munafò",et,True,"al. , 2017 ) , has included syntheses assessing the quantity and nature of replication efforts , for example , in education ( Makel & Plucker , 2014 and in psychology ( Makel et al. , 2012 ) ."
"However , a perceived lack of prestige , excitement , and originality of replication plagues L2 research ( Porte , 2012 ) , as it does other disciplines ( Berez-Kroeker",et,True,"al. , 2017 ; Branco , Cohen , Vossen , Ide , & Calzolari , 2017 ; Chambers , 2017 ; Schmidt , 2009 ) , and these perceptions are thought to have caused , at least in part ( directly or indirectly ) , alleged low rates and a poor quality of published replication studies ."
"Finally , we offer further discussion and 16 recommendations for future replication work that draw on our narrative and systematic reviews and on our experience of carrying out multisite ( Morgan-Short",et,True,"al. , 2018 ) 1 and single site ( Faretta-Stutenberg & Morgan-Short , 2011 ; Marsden , Williams , & Liu , 2013 ; McManus & Marsden , 2017 ; Morgan-Short , Heil , Botero-Moriaty , & Ebert , 2012 ) replications ."
"She achieved prominence as the star of Elevator to the Gallows ( 1958 ) , directed by Louis Malle , and Jules",et,True,"Jim ( 1962 ) , directed by François Truffaut ."
François Truffaut's Truffaut 's New Wave film Jules,et,True,"Jim ( 1962 ) , her biggest success internationally , is centered on her magnetic starring role . [ 2 ]"
"She also worked with a number of other notable directors such as Michelangelo Antonioni ( La notte and Beyond the Clouds ) , Orson Welles ( The Trial , Chimes at Midnight and The Immortal Story ) , Luis Buñuel ( Diary of a Chambermaid ) , Elia Kazan ( The Last Tycoon ) , Rainer Werner Fassbinder ( Querelle ) , Wim Wenders ( Until the End of the World ) , Carl Foreman ( Champion and The Victors ) , and Manoel de Oliveira ( Gebo",et,True,l' Ombre ) .
image : Daily,et,True,al.
Image : Daily,et,True,al.
This data,set,True,"has shed considerable light on dramatic inequalities in faculty training , placement , and scholarly productivity [ 6 , 19 , 20 ] ."
"But , this data",set,True,is only a single snapshot of an evolving and expanding system and hence offers few insights into the changing composition and diversity trends within these academic fields .
"For instance , those with an interest in deceiving the general public may",set,True,"up parallel institutions that ostensibly guarantee expertise , taking advantage of the ways in which these parallel institutions mimic legitimate institutions to ensure that people are taken in ."
"For example , a small number of doctors",set,True,up the American College of Pediatricians ( ACPeds ) to advocate socially conservative viewpoints related to child health care .
"Some of these accompanied Jerome when about 373 , he",set,True,out on a journey through Thrace and Asia Minor into northern Syria .
"Yeah you get a percentage of the amount of countries you own , and then , for continents you get another",set,True,amount .
"Oh , I got a",set,True,.
So you can't ca n't have a,set,True,.
"We heard a fearsome creaking and cracking and before our eyes a great patch of sky peeled away , deeping down in the troughs and riding the crests with torn sails",set,True,against the wind .
Two bright red oval spheres were,set,True,"into an eye-level groove that ran all around , the “ eyes ” themselves slanted into a menacing and intimidating scowl ."
"The inscription on it was fading away , so I should",set,True,"it down here as it was then , and ask my readers to ponder it :"
"Cognitive games involve a number of different games working aspects of human cognition , while proposing the intersection between the",sets,True,"of concepts , fun and cognition , for the improvement of cognitive functions ."
"As future work , we intend to extend this approach to other domains , as well as to use the developed operators for the automatic improvement of",sets,True,of test cases .
Nida then,sets,True,"forth the differences in translation , as he would account for it , within three basic factors :"
And then a little behind the scenes that you probably will never see again in a video is that down here I keep all of the filming gear that doesn't does n't really fit anywhere else in the room : two,sets,True,"of tripods , I also have a c-stand ."
Once two,sets,True,"of leaves have formed , basil can be planted into the garden or permanent containers ."
