Do museum labels have an impact on,how,True,people look at artworks ?
"In this study we used eye-tracking in the first stage of exploring audience experience of the extensive Spanish art collections of County Durham , of which the 13 Zurbarán artworks ( there are actually only 12 Zurbarán artworks , the 13th Benjamin , is a copy by Arthur Pond ) are a key part of , to investigate the ways in which audiences look at Spanish art ,",how,True,aesthetic experience is evaluated and whether audiences can be encouraged to approach art in different ways .
This pilot project primarily investigated,how,True,"participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
"Measuring the composition and dynamics of a scientific workforce , particularly in a rapidly expanding field like computer science , is a crucial first step toward understanding",how,True,scholarly research is conducted and how it might be enhanced .
This system can also be used longitudinally to study,how,True,"the workforce’s workforce ’s composition changes over time , which is particularly valuable for evaluating the effectiveness of policies meant to broaden participation or improve retention of faculty ."
The controversy surrounding Beall’s Beall ’s decision indicates,how,True,difficult it is to make such judgments — even for professionals .
The study of,how,True,"people , as fans , access and manage information within a transmedia system provides valuable insight that contributes not only to practitioners and scholars of the media industry , but to the wider context of cultural studies , by offering findings on this new model of the fan as consumer and information-user ."
"The question posed by this research is , fundamentally , an examination of",how,True,the problem of “ access ” is framed in postdigital society from the perspective of the consumer .
"In many cases , he focused his attention on the lives of women and identified",how,True,a woman devoted to Jesus should live her life .
"Now , I would like to ask you ,",how,True,these three things .
But now let 's try to figure out,how,True,"they 're different , we'll we 'll look at temperature , first ."
"In support of the first claim , we",show,True,that the similarities in form and function of an interjection with the specific function of repair initiation are very much greater across languages than chance coincidence would admit .
"In support of the second claim , we",show,True,that Huh ? meets the criteria of a word in the sense of being a conventional lexical sign which must be learnt .
We,show,True,that the form is locally calibrated in ways that show it fitting within different language systems .
Extracts 2 and 3,show,True,"structurally identical sequences in two other languages : Siwu , a Kwa language spoken in Ghana , and Lao , a Tai-Kadai language spoken in Laos ."
These examples,show,True,that it is possible to identify the same conversational structure in unrelated languages .
"Sequences of other-initiated repair have been identified in every spoken language investigated so far [ 14 ] , [ 15 ] , and as the examples",show,True,", the interjection in the pivotal turn can be remarkably similar ."
These postural and kinematics changes cannot can not be attributed to an increased weight as subjects of the control-weight group did not,show,True,the same changes as the experimental group .
Our data,show,True,"that for a given CFL mass , femoral retraction can be greatly affected by the location of the CoM and limb postures ."
"It has even been proposed that , due to functional convergence , mammals might be a better system to study bipedal dinosaur locomotion [ 7 ] , [ 23 ] , but the results reported here",show,True,that important aspects of non-avian theropod locomotion can be experimentally recreated in modern birds .
"Readers of the book series had long anticipated and dreaded the events of the “ Red Wedding ” , while fans of the",show,True,unfamiliar with Martin’s Martin ’s narrative were largely taken unawares by the pivotal episode .
The,show,True,is currently in its fourteenth season on the CW .
"In fact , the control-weight subjects",showed,True,"a more horizontally oriented femur during walking with respect to the control group , similar to that observed in Carrano and Biewener's Biewener 's experimental subjects [ 7 ] ."
"In the video , she stated , "" I'm I 'm sick and tired of guys thinking that just because I",showed,True,"up at a club or a dance or a bar , that I want to have their genitalia touching my backside "" ; [ 12 ] [ 13 ] the video had approximately 36.2 million views as of March 2018 . [ 14 ]"
When I was ten my father already,showed,True,me some stuff in mathematics and the beauty and the imagination was quite apparent .
Photos released of the scene,showed,True,numerous bloodied bodies and various scattered debris .
And the m- — the reason they were,showing,True,"us this at college , was just , to get us , to know if our trimmer , and shoer was doing it right , and — plus the knowledge of knowing the bones and ligaments ."
So,showing,True,the Paralympics live on United States television might turn out to be less glamorous than it appears .
Will they take it as an opportunity to educate viewers about disability and diversity while,showing,True,superb athletic performances without engaging in a discourse of pity ?
"Aerogel slice removed with an ultrasonic blade ,",showing,True,particle tracks .
Ronald McDonald,showing,True,how it's it 's done
"Except at the beach or at sacred sites normal western dress is acceptable for both men and women , except that you should avoid clothing",showing,True,a lot of skin .
Rather than seeking to find out more through questions and learning ( actions viewed by them as,showing,True,"vulnerability ) , arrogant people tend to generalize from their limited , narrow life experiences and try to impose their small worldview on others ."
"Instead of writing "" Silver Service - Fragile "" you should write something that makes it sound less theft inviting while",showing,True,the fragile nature of the contents .
"As an example , research",shows,True,"that greater diversity within a community or group can lead to improved critical thinking [ 1 ] and more creative solutions to complex tasks [ 2 , 3 ] by pairing together individuals with unique skillsets and perspectives that complement and often augment the abilities of their peers ."
"First , the literature",shows,True,"a debate about which specific syntactic units can be considered to trigger enjambment , if split across two lines , and whether lexical and syntactic criteria are sufficient to identify enjambment ."
"As well as appearing in films , Goode has appeared in numerous television",shows,True,.
This map,shows,True,"the location of the Ross Ice Shelf in the Antarctic , and the two known localities for E. andrillae relative to McMurdo Station"
There’s There ’s a 24 hour comedy news cycle that exists on all the late night talk,shows,True,.
This map,shows,True,the extent of the major civilizations of the Western Hemisphere .
This video,shows,True,a more realistic approach to playing Quidditch .
