"Thus , the time",it,True,"takes and the ways of visually exploring an artwork can inform about its relevance , interestingness , and even its aesthetic appeal ."
"Measuring the composition and dynamics of a scientific workforce , particularly in a rapidly expanding field like computer science , is a crucial first step toward understanding how scholarly research is conducted and how",it,True,might be enhanced .
"For many scientific fields , however , there is no central listing of all tenure-track faculty , making",it,True,difficult to define a rigorous sample frame for analysis .
"Second , aggregate information provides only a high-level view of a field , which can make",it,True,difficult to investigate causality [ 23 ] .
"This system is efficient and accurate , and",it,True,can be adapted to any academic discipline and used for continuous collection .
The first demonstrates the validity and utility of the crawler by collecting census data for the field of computer science and comparing,it,True,"to a hand-curated census , collected in 2011 [ 19 ] ."
"Given that need , we have developed software , based on Natural Language Processing , that automatically identifies enjambment in Spanish , and applied",it,True,"to a corpus of approx. 3750 sonnets by ca. 1000 authors , from the 15th to the 19th century ."
"Such an organization is surely permissible , but",it,True,has had the unfortunate ( and likely intended ) effect of muddying debates in the public forum by misleading people into thinking that the college speaks for the pediatric profession at large .
"Insofar as the larger organization , with a broader membership base , can be expected to reflect a wider range of expert opinions and a higher degree of expertise ,",it,True,is reasonable to give its views greater weight than those of the smaller organization .
When ACPeds allows or encourages the impression that,it,True,"speaks for the profession , it introduces an epistemic pollutant ."
The controversy surrounding Beall’s Beall ’s decision indicates how difficult,it,True,is to make such judgments — even for professionals .
She tries to,sit,True,"down , but I just keep on tugging and she follows me , gulping and wailing ."
"It was the first time she had been to his apartment , and she stood square in the center of his bedroom , her arms folded against her body as if she was afraid to",sit,True,"down , to touch something ."
"I mean there’s there ’s certainly signs of it , and in the United States too , in fact we had a",sit,True,"down strike in the United States not long ago , which is a very militant labor action ."
"Sit down strikes which began at a significant level in the 1930’s were very threatening to management and ownership , because the",sit,True,"down strike is one step before workers taking over the factory and running it and kicking out the management , and probably doing a better job ."
"This coffee table over here , it's it 's glass and has two levels , so it's it 's really good when we have multiple friends over , and we have lots of food to put on the table , or if we 're playing board games , we can have people",sit,True,"around it , and still have a lot of space to lay everything out ."
We have two chairs where we can,sit,True,"down and sort of enjoy the weather when it is a little bit better , um but now it's it 's really cold so just gonna gon na close it ."
"You can see them visiting and talking as they stroll along the streets ,",sit,True,in the plazas or dine in the many sidewalk restaurants .
"If you aren't are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them",sit,True,for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .
If a player is pegged they have to stop what they 're doing and pay a penalty ; i.e. ( drop the quaffle in the case of a chaser ) and run back to and touch their goal post or alternatively,sit,True,down for 10 seconds .
Let the mixture,sit,True,for a day or two .
Cara,sits,True,"in her booster seat in the back of the car , wheezing all the way home , getting worse and worse , and by the time we pull in the driveway , she’s she ’s got that white look around her mouth ."
