,Whilst,peak,True,"traffic hour can be a bit smoggy on the main roads , on most sunny days the skies are azure blue ."
,"Thus , when ACPeds issued a statement condemning gender reassignment surgery in 2016 [ 21 ] , many people mistook the organization’s organization ’s political beliefs for the consensus view among United States pediatricians — although the",peak,True,"body for pediatric workers , the American Academy of Pediatrics , has a much more positive view of gender dysphoria [ 22 ] ."
,Speakers of Eegimaa use the term Gújjolaay ( meaning Jóola ) to refer to their language when they,speak,True,"to each other , but Eegimaa to distinguish their Jóola variety from that of other Jóola peoples ."
,"To make a difference in America you must have the "" Bully Pulpit "" and",speak,True,to the People .
,Voters who meet me and hear me,speak,True,"know that I am sincere , know that I understand the issues deeply and have workable solutions , and know that I stand on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law and the public interest ."
,These concerns,speak,True,"to the very core of science , raising fundamental questions about the validity and reliability of our work ."
,"He was of Illyrian ancestry , [ 10 ] although his ability to",speak,True,the Illyrian languages causes controversy .
,"And knowing that to this sunken place all the dead had come , I trembled and did not wish again to",speak,True,with the lotos-faces .
,"It's It 's opened up a new fan base , so to",speak,True,.
,After calling the Scientology organization by phone to attempt to,speak,True,"with his mother , Montalvo was instead put through to a Scientology attorney , Kendrick Moxon ."
,After,speaker,True,"G makes a statement , speaker E utters the interjection huh ? ."
,repair is initiated not by the,speaker,True,"of the first turn but by the other participant ( “ other-initiated ” ) , and the repair initiator signals that there is a problem , but it leaves open what the problem is ( “ open ” ) [ 11 ] ."
,"According to frame semantics , meaning is best studied in terms of the mental concepts and participants in the minds of the",speaker,True,and addressee .
,If someone wanted to re-record a chapter because they didn't did n't like the,speaker,True,", would you then offer two versions ?"
,"In 2015 , an initiative was started to set up a Dutch",speaking,True,"DH+Lib community in the Netherlands and Belgium , based on the example of the American communal space of librarians , archivists , LIS graduate students , and information specialists to discuss topics ‘ Where the Digital Humanities and Libraries meet ’ ."
,The arrow on the map points to the Eegimaa,speaking,True,area ( Bandial is the name used by Ethnologue for Eegimaa ) .
,"In the south , the river known as Kamobeul Bolon separates Mof-Ávvi from the Bayot",speaking,True,"area , while the west side of Mof-Ávvi coincides with the homeland of the Jóola Kaasa Húluf and Jóola Kaasa Ésuulaaluʔ ."
,Map of the Eegimaa,speaking,True,area
,"I really ought a call , at least Reg Barr , and ask if uh , he's he 's still",speaking,True,to me .
,"I just wanted to know if you had any thoughts on recent NATO actions and the protests coming up at the 60th NATO conference , I know you ’re",speaking,True,at the counter-conference .
,Make sure that it is a language that while,speaking,True,", you don't do n't get a literal knot in your tongue !"
,We don't do n't want a knot in your tongue after,speaking,True,to your friends .
,So if anybody,speaks,True,Dutch tell me what that means .
,"Such an organization is surely permissible , but it has had the unfortunate ( and likely intended ) effect of muddying debates in the public forum by misleading people into thinking that the college",speaks,True,for the pediatric profession at large .
,When ACPeds allows or encourages the impression that it,speaks,True,"for the profession , it introduces an epistemic pollutant ."
