,There is no denying that there are words which we feel instinctively to be adequate to express the ideas they,stand,True,for . ”
,A good,stand,True,"of it , if you want any ."
,"Voters who meet me and hear me speak know that I am sincere , know that I understand the issues deeply and have workable solutions , and know that I",stand,True,on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law and the public interest .
,People like the fact that I,stand,True,for a Virginia that is both Open-minded and Open for Business .
,I,stand,True,there and watch her back down the driveway .
,“ This is where we must make our,stand,True,.
,It's It 's not for us to take a,stand,True,on any political issues .
,I actually want to get one of those acrylic things where the lipsticks can just,stand,True,up in it and it looks super neat .
,"When the cloud disperses , she’s she ’s",standing,True,on one of the Stock Exchange’s Exchange ’s upside-down overhangs .
,"It's It 's the home of the USS Potomac and the site of the namesake author's author 's residence , still preserved and humbly",standing,True,not far from a saloon from the same era .
,The posterior displacement of the CoM produced a more vertically oriented femur during,standing,True,"( femur in experimental animals was 40 % more vertical than control subjects ) , and increased femoral retraction and decreased knee flexion during walking ."
,"Thus , our study seems to have generated a more gradual and less pronounced change in the moment of inertia produced by the artificial tail , allowing experimental subjects to adjust to the posterior mass by adopting a more vertical position of the femur while",standing,True,.
,Water burst over the barrels and cans,standing,True,"under the eaves and gutters , flooding the pathways , carrying away all that wasn’t was n’t fixed solid and licking at the stairs to the back porch before climbing each step and lapping against the planks we were sitting on , a wooden raft surrounded by angry water and martial beat drum , drum , drumming on the roof above ."
,Not long before he had been,standing,True,"on the flight deck of his deployment carrier , amongst the other pilots , his heart pumping in his ears , his hands sweating as he awaited the order to board his fighter ."
,"As he watched his friends' friends ' fighters hurtle down the catapult , his commanding officer had addressed the last remaining pilots still",standing,True,on the flight deck .
,"Basil does best in well-drained soil , and should not be subjected to",standing,True,water .
,I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who,stands,True,on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .
,Austria fully,stands,True,behind the campaign launched by the Secretary-General on Monday to achieve universal access to modern energy services .
,The Grand Lake Theater,stands,True,"at the entrance to the neighborhood that bears its name , a matter of a few hundred feet from Lakeshore Avenue – both are diverse neighborhoods no matter what your budget , be it burgers or sandwiches or a full romantic evening , either of these twin-sister neighborhoods will make a pleasant time , by day or night ."
,"This theory , along with other theories of correspondence in translating , are elaborated in his essay Principles of Correspondence , where Nida begins by asserting that given that "" no two languages are identical , either in the meanings given to corresponding symbols or in the ways in which symbols are arranged in phrases and sentences , it",stands,True,to reason that there can be no absolute correspondence between languages .
,Is there a particular LibriVox book which you think,stands,True,"out because of the quality , the overall effort involved , its popularity , or for some other reason ?"
,"Even in early rounds , the event was well attended , with the",stands,True,"full of gamers , watching the matches with live colour commentary ."
,Here,stands,True,the biggest shopping mall of the island .
