Marbles is the first social media,star,True,"to have a wax figure displayed in Madame Tussauds Museum , located in New York City . [ 5 ]"
She was the first ever YouTube,star,True,to be immortalized at Madame Tussauds New York and her figure is the first selfie-taking wax figure at this location . [ 19 ]
She achieved prominence as the,star,True,"of Elevator to the Gallows ( 1958 ) , directed by Louis Malle , and Jules et Jim ( 1962 ) , directed by François Truffaut ."
"This day had crept ever closer as cities , planets and then entire",star,True,systems had fallen to the Enemy ; to those damned Pandorans ; to the Senate's Senate 's mistake .
Using CFLs will allow people to decrease their energy consumption ; also it is a good,start,True,to decrease greenhouse emissions .
We,start,True,"from the widely agreed premise that testing the reproducibility of findings should have an essential role in the testing and refinement of theory , at least for hypothesis-testing epistemologies that seek to ascertain generalizability and for other epistemologies in which constructs are deemed to be definable and observable ."
This work aimed at developing a complete theory of grammar that would fully acknowledge the role of semantics right from the,start,True,", while simultaneously adopting constraint-based formalisms as popular in computer science and natural language processing ."
"After his expulsion became official in January 1831 , he attempted to",start,True,"a private class in advanced algebra which attracted some interest , but this waned , as it seemed that his political activism had priority . [ 4 ] [ 7 ]"
"Back out in the mall , Cara is wailing , which could",start,True,"an asthma attack , so to distract her I say , “ You want a cookie ? ”"
It didn't did n't,start,True,out here .
You might therefore wish to,start,True,right in on the first page of text that follows and only then return to this introduction .
After a while I needed to,start,True,"thinking about an internship for my M.Sc. studies , and decided to write a couple of professors ."
We can,start,True,"that side of the work now , anticipating having more beasts in the future ."
"On Thursday , with 110 days until the",start,True,"of the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi , Russia , Wikinews interviewed Assistant Professor in Educational Leadership , Sport Studies and Educational / Counseling Psychology at Washington State University Simon Ličen about attitudes in United States towards the Paralympics ."
We,start,True,"with the headline and then flesh out the story , as opposed to The New York Times , which writes the issue and then has a headline editor to make it snappy ."
"There , he",started,True,"a project called FrameNet , an on-line structured description of the English lexicon implementing much of what he had earlier proposed more theoretically in his theory of Frame semantics , while implementing the idea of emphasizing example sentences from corpora ."
"It was published in the prestigious journal Miyako no Hana in 1892 , only nine months after she had",started,True,writing in earnest .
"While primarily used as an infielder , he has",started,True,"in and played at every position for the Red Sox , except for pitcher and catcher ."
Holt,started,True,the 2013 season with the Triple-A Pawtucket Red Sox .
Holt again,started,True,"2014 in Triple-A , but was called up May 17 after an injury to Will Middlebrooks and hit leadoff for the rest of the season ."
"By the end of the season , Holt had",started,True,games at every position except pitcher and catcher . [ 15 ]
"That year , Marbles",started,True,"her career with Barstool Sports , where she wrote for their female-oriented site StoolLaLa ."
"You know , and you'd you 'd put the — you'd you 'd have — you",started,True,out with the straight iron ?
"“ Right , listen up , ” he",started,True,.
Most people would say it,started,True,"with the Fireflies , but they'd they 'd be wrong ."
""" They",started,True,"it . """
"On June 1 , 2015 , while",starting,True,"at first base for the first time in his career , Holt went 4-for-4 with four doubles , a walk , and two RBI against the Tampa Bay Rays to win 4 to 0 . [ 14 ]"
Wilkins observed that the 2007,starting,True,"date of the donation program , which is part of the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts , coincided with the 20th anniversary of Andy Warhol's Warhol 's death in 1987 ."
"Evolutionary explanations of morality , however , provide us with a useful",starting,True,point for thinking about these questions .
"Most Tulsans drive almost everywhere , although bus , bike , and pedestrian routes are",starting,True,to catch on .
"However , if somebody looks seriously alarmed or is",starting,True,"to panic , let them know that you were not being serious ."
"This being said , if you barely know someone , it can be a good idea to have an excuse for",starting,True,a conversation to avoid awkwardness .
If you 're dead set on,starting,True,"your own glowstick business ( worse ideas exist ) , try websites like Alfa Aesar [ 1 ] or Sigma Aldrich [ 2 ] for supplies ."
When,starting,True,"off , follow closely to a language you like ."
The shape that it,starts,True,out with .
Chubby guy kind of hovers until I get the lights away from Cara and as soon as I put them on the shelf he grabs them and,starts,True,straightening them out and draping them back over the display .
Street,starts,True,with the premise that our moral judgments are influenced by evolutionary forces .
Alternatively the snitch can be a small yellow ball ( tennis balls work great ) that is hidden before the game,starts,True,by a bystander or referee .
