Next came a,stay,True,"of at least several months , or possibly years , with Rufinus at Aquileia , where he made many Christian friends ."
“ I want you to,stay,True,"at home , then , ” she says ."
I tried to,stay,True,as brave and calm as a human being could under the circumstances .
"There's There 's a lot of unfunny jokes that are told in a back room , that's that 's why they",stay,True,and die in that back room and don’t do n’t go out in The Onion .
"There are no same-day return flights , so once there you have to",stay,True,at least one night .
"Even the mainland school groups that fly there for school camps , and choose to",stay,True,at Kopinga Marae [ 1 ] get value for money by chartering a flight one way .
If you want to,stay,True,with friends or family in Cuba you have to go with your intended host within two days after arrival to a migration office and pay 40 CUC for a 30 days family visa .
"Citizens of Antigua and Barbuda ( 28 days ) , Barbados ( 28 days ) , Benin , Bosnia and Herzegovina , CIS ( except Ukraine and Uzbekistan ) , Dominica , Grenada ( 60 days ) , Liechtenstein ( 90 days ) , Macedonia , Malaysia ( 90 days ) , Mongolia , Montenegro ( 90 days ) , Namibia , Singapore , Slovakia , Saint Kitts and Nevis , Saint Lucia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , Serbia ( 90 days ) , Turkmenistan who can",stay,True,30 days without visa .
Tourists can choose to purchase camping tour packages which include a driver or guide that will show tourists around the beaches as well as provide meals during their,stay,True,.
"Globe and Greek basil are much more difficult to grow , but form pretty little bushes which",stay,True,well-contained .
"Cover containers with clear plastic kitchen wrap , so they",stay,True,moist .
"Some archival investigation on the original letters suggests that the woman of romantic interest was a Mademoiselle Stéphanie-Félicie Poterin du Motel , [ 18 ] the daughter of the physician at the hostel where Galois",stayed,True,during the last months of his life .
"Whatever the reasons behind the duel , Galois was so convinced of his impending death that he",stayed,True,"up all night writing letters to his Republican friends and composing what would become his mathematical testament , the famous letter to Auguste Chevalier outlining his ideas , and three attached manuscripts . [ 22 ]"
"At Antioch , where he",stayed,True,"the longest , two of his companions died and he himself was seriously ill more than once ."
A brother from Theodorus’ Theodorus ’ monastery,stayed,True,with Pachomius in Tabennese while traveling and preached of the virtues of the Koinonia upon his return to Sne .
She,stayed,True,"because I held her there by looking at her , the way you can sometimes will a dog into submission ."
She,stayed,True,while I lit the fire .
Veronique,stayed,True,"with me that night , lying next to me in my blankets and furs ."
"This couch is also quite big , it fits three people quite comfortably , and if I have family or friends",staying,True,"over , it opens up into a full double bed ."
"Therefore , if you are",staying,True,"overnight in York and arriving by car , make sure that your hotel offers parking before you book ."
If you are only visiting for the day but,staying,True,"until late evening , you will need to use a city centre car park ."
You are only allowed two consecutive,stays,True,in this manner .
