Oh,stop,True,guessing at what this is .
I think I'll I 'll,stop,True,there .
She asked him to,stop,True,", and he refused , giggling ."
When she finally frowned at him and threatened to,stop,True,playing if he didn’t did n’t stop he told her to go to Hell .
"A starfighter hurtled through the scattered metal , the pilot desperate to find a way to",stop,True,himself from joining the ever growing population of this interstellar graveyard .
If the Empire could not,stop,True,"the Enemy before , what hope did they have now ?"
"On a new website , "" The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown "" , Microsoft has launched an aggressive campaign to persuade users to",stop,True,using IE6 and update to a newer IE .
""" Commanders of the Korean People's People 's Army were hastily dispatched to the front-line troops to command military operations to destroy psychological warfare tools if the enemy does not",stop,True,"the propaganda broadcast within 48 hours and prepare against the enemy's enemy 's possible counteractions "" , added KCNA ."
"After the exchange of fire , North Korea stated it would attack any loudspeakers broadcasting propaganda and would respond , militarily , within 48 hours if the broadcasts do not",stop,True,.
"The orderly transfer of authority as called for in the Constitution routinely takes place , as it has for almost two centuries , and few of us",stop,True,to think how unique we really are .
"When they are cruel , their friends will usually ignore it or not do anything to",stop,True,it since they 're afraid that they'll they 'll be treated badly by their ' friend . '
"When we pass Spencer’s Spencer ’s again , she",stops,True,.
Both of these,stops,True,are only about a 20 minute walk from the event and have no crowds at all .
Repeat until the chicken,stops,True,moving or squawking .
""" When a chicken or another animal with this tendency becomes frightened , its heart rate lowers and it",stops,True,moving .
"However , the Director-General of the World Health Organization said , this morning , containment … is feasible and must remain the",top,True,priority for all countries .
Each side contains ninety-one steps to the,top,True,.
When counting the,top,True,"platform , the total number of stairs is three hundred and sixty-five , the number of days in a year ."
"If you could define a place that will remind you of your visit to the Chathams , then this very special place will be at the",top,True,of your list .
"Serving as a global model for urban rebirth , Cleveland has been named one of the",top,True,10 international visitor hotspots by Travel and Leisure magazine .
The city was founded by the Spanish conquistadors in the 1540s on,top,True,of a centuries-old Maya city called T'ho .
on,top,True,", t-shirts are acceptable , though a button-front or polo shirt would be best ."
"As the plant matures , pinch off the",top,True,two pairs of leaves once a stalk reaches a reasonable height .
"You want them to get bushy , so pinch from the",top,True,.
When the elevator is going from the bottom floor to the,top,True,", as soon as the doors close , exclaim that you lost your tarantula / snake / scorpion but confirm that it is somewhere in the elevator ."
"That way , you can easily stack boxes on",top,True,of one another .
