The purpose of this pilot,study,True,was to assess the effects of different written interpretation on the visual exploration of artworks .
In this,study,True,"we used eye-tracking in the first stage of exploring audience experience of the extensive Spanish art collections of County Durham , of which the 13 Zurbarán artworks ( there are actually only 12 Zurbarán artworks , the 13th Benjamin , is a copy by Arthur Pond ) are a key part of , to investigate the ways in which audiences look at Spanish art , how aesthetic experience is evaluated and whether audiences can be encouraged to approach art in different ways ."
This system can also be used longitudinally to,study,True,"how the workforce’s workforce ’s composition changes over time , which is particularly valuable for evaluating the effectiveness of policies meant to broaden participation or improve retention of faculty ."
Our,study,True,is organized as follows .
"However , a larger-scale",study,True,"to identify enjambment across hundreds of authors spanning several centuries , enabling distant reading ( Moretti , 2013 ) , was not previously available ."
"Finally , our",study,True,"complements Navarro’s Navarro ’s ( 2016 ) automatic metrical analyses of Spanish Golden Age sonnets , by covering a wider period and focusing on enjambment ."
The attention is the main point made in this,study,True,", since it is fundamental to the learning process and be recurring complaint among parents and teachers in schools ."
The,study,True,"in question focuses on the attention , proposing and evaluation in the context of the classroom ."
The,study,True,combines qualitative and quantitative approaches .
But in this,study,True,we present a striking exception to this otherwise robust rule .
This leads to the question driving our,study,True,:
"Importantly ,",studying,True,"eye movements offers an insight that does not depend on the participants’ participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork ."
"Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of",studying,True,"several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of,studying,True,"several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
"During this period , he seems to have found time for",studying,True,and writing .
For how long have you been involved in performing /,studying,True,magic ?
"What we could do , however , was to study anatomy and figure out what it is , so that when we have samples preserved for",studying,True,"e.g. , the genome , transcriptome , or metabolome , or conduct tests of the fluid in the burrows or in the animals themselves , we can make precise comparisons , and figure out what these animals have or do ( metabolically or chemically ) that lets them live where they live ."
Studying groups is a bit like,studying,True,symmetry .
"Dancing ballet is extremely popular throughout the world , and",studying,True,"ballet can help develop strong bodies , spatial and temporal awareness , and improve coordination ."
