"With respect to the contributions of digital games to improvement of cognitive processes , researchers",suggest,True,"that regular practice has a significant influence on improving the performance related to basic visual skills ( Li , Polat , Scalzo , & Bavelier , 2010 ) ; on the ability to perceive objects simultaneously ( Dye & Bavelier , 2010 ; Feng , Spence , & Pratt , 2007 ) ; and on the ability to do more than one task at the same time ( Boot , Kramer , Simons , Fabiani , & Gratton , 2008 ) ."
Other studies specifically investigate the use of digital games in the school context and,suggest,True,"potential for digital game use to improve of student's student 's attention span at preschool age ( Rueda , Checa , & Cómbita , 2012 ) , to improve overall intelligence capacity of elementary school children ( Miller & Robertson , 2010 ) , and to better performance of working memory ability ( Klingberg et al. , 2005 ; Thorell , Lindqvist , Nutley , Bohlin , & Klingberg , 2009 ) ."
Experimental manipulations of femoral orientation in chickens,suggest,True,that torsional loads increase as the femur becomes more horizontal [ 7 ] supporting the idea that postural differences could be reflected in differences in limb cross-sectional geometry .
We,suggest,True,"that the different outcomes are due to the distinct rearing and exercising conditions used in each study , in addition to the different artificial tails used ."
"Around 4 July 1831 , Poisson declared Galois' Galois ' work "" incomprehensible "" , declaring that "" [ Galois' Galois ' ] argument is neither sufficiently clear nor sufficiently developed to allow us to judge its rigor "" ; however , the rejection report ends on an encouraging note : "" We would then",suggest,True,"that the author should publish the whole of his work in order to form a definitive opinion . "" [ 16 ]"
Then she sighed in a way that seemed to,suggest,True,she was regretting her decision to take him home .
Estimates,suggest,True,8000 migrants may be currently at sea in the region .
"On Tuesday , the New Zealand government announced the start of a public process to",suggest,True,"designs for a new national flag , and determine whether their citizens would prefer a different national flag over the current one ."
People were encouraged to submit their designs online at www.flag.govt.nz and,suggest,True,what the flag should mean on www.standfor.co.nz .
"Near the Temple of the Feathered Serpent , graves have been uncovered that",suggest,True,humans were sacrificed for religious purposes .
"In fact , specialized workers often know their jobs well enough to",suggest,True,innovative ways to do their work faster and better .
"In Spanish tradition , enjambment ( in Spanish , "" encabalgamiento "" ) is considered to take place when a pause",suggested,True,"by poetic form ( e.g. at the end of a line or across hemistichs ) occurs between strongly connected lexical or syntactic units , triggering an unnatural cut between those units ."
"In this framework , scaling differences in femoral geometry between non-avian theropods and birds have been",suggested,True,"to be the result of postural differences between these groups [ 6 ] , [ 23 ] ."
It,suggested,True,a talent for daily organization that filled Carroll's Carroll 's heart with admiration and lust .
From a systematic comparison of 10 spoken languages from 5 continents we find evidence,suggesting,True,"that a word like ‘ Huh ? ’ – used as a ‘ repair initiator ’ when , for example , one has not clearly heard what someone just said [ 5 ] , [ 6 ] – is a universal word ."
"Furthermore , limb retraction can be markedly modulated with speed [ 5 ] ,",suggesting,True,caution when using simple morphological parameters to estimate functional relationships .
"Maybe this is not surprising considering that a recent study analyzing the relationship between posture and femur cross-sectional properties failed to find differences between birds and non-avian theropods [ 24 ] ,",suggesting,True,that simple morphological correlates of limb posture should be used with caution .
"Thus , it",suggests,True,the use of digital games in an integrated way the school activities in the classroom .
"Longer limbs are expected to experience larger bending and torsional moments , so the fact that experimental animals had longer femora",suggests,True,that limb verticalization reduces these moments by orienting the bone more parallel to the GRF line of action .
This,suggests,True,that their results could be partially explained as a response to the increased loading rather than to the displacement of the CoM .
Some archival investigation on the original letters,suggests,True,"that the woman of romantic interest was a Mademoiselle Stéphanie-Félicie Poterin du Motel , [ 18 ] the daughter of the physician at the hostel where Galois stayed during the last months of his life ."
"Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz , which",suggests,True,( and most people who’ve who ’ve heard of it suppose ) that the wedding is Christian’s Christian ’s .
Ruse has also argued that an evolutionary account of morality,suggests,True,that there are no moral facts in the first place .
Recent research along the west coast of South America,suggests,True,that migrant populations may have traveled down this coast by water as well as by land .
Ambiguity frightens arrogant people because it,suggests,True,"imperfection , change and lack of certainty ( realities we all must contend with as best we can ) ."
"Unfortunately , these hazardous chemicals will not float freely in mid-air like this graphic",suggests,True,.
