"For optimal comparability , we studied the exact same conversational environment across languages : that of other-initiated repair ( OIR ) , in which one participant produces a turn at",talk,True,", the other then signals some trouble with this turn , and finally the first produces a next turn which aims to solve the trouble , usually by means of repetition and / or modification ."
"By now I'm I 'm sure you 're wondering about the different things that I have on the table here , but first , I would like to",talk,True,to you about these three items .
To get her to,talk,True,", although I was tired of lingua and I didn't did n't really want to think about anything ."
There’s There ’s a 24 hour comedy news cycle that exists on all the late night,talk,True,shows .
What are you going to,talk,True,about here in Levico ?
So I will mainly,talk,True,about how to use a representation theory to solve all kind of problems and conjectures in asymptotic groups theory .
Also when I,talk,True,mathematics I notice the language is very important in mathematics and I actually notice that many times people fail in mathematics because they don't do n't know how to write a composition .
I then started to,talk,True,"to people about it , that made me feel better ."
I decided to wait a few weeks before I even started to,talk,True,"about it , so I think I'm I 'm about seven weeks ."
"Take note of how they act ,",talk,True,", and use their social status ."
"If they 're nice to your face , but",talk,True,"bad about you behind your back like it's it 's their favourite hobby , then they probably have a problem with pride ."
"Apparently , however , Galois did not ignore Poisson's Poisson 's advice , as he began collecting all his mathematical manuscripts while still in prison , and continued polishing his ideas until his release on 29 April 1832 , [ 12 ] after which he was somehow",talked,True,into a duel . [ 8 ]
""" So you've you 've",talked,True,"to her about me . """
""" But you haven't have n't",talked,True,"about her to me . """
But we 're,talking,True,"just the regular , light horses you know ."
I was sorry I 'd started her,talking,True,.
"I ’d said my prayers ,",talking,True,a long time as usual with my Maker and thinking about some of the great mysteries the Father of Lights had revealed to me .
Just by,talking,True,to them ?
"Unfortunately , they are",talking,True,about moving it so it will be on the year before the Paralympics .
How do you approach the difficult challenge of,talking,True,"to the Palestinians when , in the end , they don’t do n’t want Israel to exist ."
""" Someone emailed me earlier today",talking,True,about a tool a group’s group ’s been using to attack the scientology website .
Cuz I actually did not know and actually didn't did n't realize what that symbol meant until I heard other people,talking,True,about it and I was like wait what ? .
It's It 's so much better to wake up to the sound of somebody,talking,True,"to you : your favorite radio station , some music , whatever , instead of that classic iPhone alarm , "" ba , ba , ba . """
You can see them visiting and,talking,True,"as they stroll along the streets , sit in the plazas or dine in the many sidewalk restaurants ."
"Don't Do n't eavesdrop , but when they 're",talking,True,"to you or to those around you , listen to them ."
Could be I give so many,talks,True,I can’t ca n’t remember .
All the,talks,True,"about nationalities , etcetera , well , the new age has very little patience for history ."
