You,think,True,", well , okay , w- th- th- , I'm I 'm glad I never saw d- Citizen Kane with you ."
"Well , there's there 's a hole , no , if you 're thinking there's there 's a hole ,",think,True,again .
"A lot of times , like , I'll I 'll get done , and I'll I 'll",think,True,"I'm I 'm done , and I'll I 'll look at - look down at the horse's horse 's hoof , and it's it 's still , it's it 's too long ."
"I'm I 'm so not hungry right now , it's it 's hard for me to",think,True,about food .
You,think,True,"so , hunh ?"
You know what I,think,True,", I think the first time that it does the card mode , it takes a long time ."
I,think,True,I'll I 'll stop there .
“ Don’t Do n’t,think,True,"of it like that , doll , ” Santa said ."
"It’s It ’s another low-grade moment of horror , but I",think,True,"about that particular time with my mother because Renata was there and we were united , she and I ."
I could see into his head better than I could see into my own ; he was scared that his attackers might,think,True,"those hands were coming up to hit back , that they'd they 'd read it as an act of defiance and hurt him even more ."
Back then I didn't did n't so much,think,True,"as observe , didn't did n't deduce so much as remember — and what I remembered was a thousand inspirational stories lauding anyone who ever stuck up for the underdog ."
"As an example , research shows that greater diversity within a community or group can lead to improved critical",thinking,True,"[ 1 ] and more creative solutions to complex tasks [ 2 , 3 ] by pairing together individuals with unique skillsets and perspectives that complement and often augment the abilities of their peers ."
"Such an organization is surely permissible , but it has had the unfortunate ( and likely intended ) effect of muddying debates in the public forum by misleading people into",thinking,True,that the college speaks for the pediatric profession at large .
"In the video , she stated , "" I'm I 'm sick and tired of guys",thinking,True,"that just because I showed up at a club or a dance or a bar , that I want to have their genitalia touching my backside "" ; [ 12 ] [ 13 ] the video had approximately 36.2 million views as of March 2018 . [ 14 ]"
"Well , there's there 's a hole , no , if you 're",thinking,True,"there's there 's a hole , think again ."
There you go,thinking,True,again .
There you go,thinking,True,again again .
There you go,thinking,True,again .
“ He was just,thinking,True,of the children .
"I don’t do n’t dream about Renata , although when the dreams wake me up , it’s it ’s",thinking,True,about Renata that keeps me awake .
Something grabbed my arm and I swung without,thinking,True,", without looking until Pag yelped and ducked out of reach ."
I fell asleep,thinking,True,about how I wished that the Scathalos outrunners were gone .
she,thinks,True,"that you lack a serious nature . """
"The kind of moral realism that Street has in mind is the view that moral properties exist as objective features of the world ( to wit , whether stealing is wrong is independent of whether anyone",thinks,True,or feels that stealing is wrong ) .
