"Late in his life , he was invited by Deng Xiaoping to",return,True,to China in 1981 .
"After an education at the parish schools of Cruden and Ellon , at age of fifteen he entered the Jesuit college at Braunsberg , East Prussia , then part of Poland ; however , his character did not tolerate well the strict and sombre way of life at the school , and he soon decided to",return,True,home .
After his,return,True,he distinguished himself in several wars against the Turks and Tatars in southern Russia .
Her mentor did not,return,True,"her passionate , if discreet , love for him , and instead treated her as a younger sister ."
A brother from Theodorus’ Theodorus ’ monastery stayed with Pachomius in Tabennese while traveling and preached of the virtues of the Koinonia upon his,return,True,to Sne .
You might therefore wish to start right in on the first page of text that follows and only then,return,True,to this introduction .
There's There 's a,return,True,"trip planned hopefully for 2015 , with both biologists and ANDRILL geologists ."
"This is the first US "" sample",return,True,""" mission since Apollo , and the first ever from beyond the moon ."
"By "" sample",return,True,""" of course I mean a mission that brings back extraterrestrial material ."
"I should have said above that this is the first "" solid "" sample",return,True,mission —
Those who do work are denied a fair,return,True,for their labor by a tax system which penalizes successful achievement and keeps us from maintaining full productivity .
repair is initiated not by the speaker of the first,turn,True,"but by the other participant ( “ other-initiated ” ) , and the repair initiator signals that there is a problem , but it leaves open what the problem is ( “ open ” ) [ 11 ] ."
"Sequences of other-initiated repair have been identified in every spoken language investigated so far [ 14 ] , [ 15 ] , and as the examples show , the interjection in the pivotal",turn,True,can be remarkably similar .
"For optimal comparability , we studied the exact same conversational environment across languages : that of other-initiated repair ( OIR ) , in which one participant produces a",turn,True,"at talk , the other then signals some trouble with this turn , and finally the first produces a next turn which aims to solve the trouble , usually by means of repetition and / or modification ."
What results are two completely separate reviews of “ The Rains of Castamere ” which in,turn,True,document the fans’ fans ’ reactions to the episode in the form of user comment threads :
"I arrived at the playground to find Pag the center of attention for some half-dozen kids , those lucky few in front punching him in the head , the others making do with taunts of mongrel and polly while waiting their",turn,True,.
This frightened me so that I didn’t did n’t dare,turn,True,.
"Second , we attracted millions of readers via the virtuous circle of wiki editing : We had some articles of mixed quality , and editors joined to improve those articles , which in",turn,True,attracted more readers .
So showing the Paralympics live on United States television might,turn,True,out to be less glamorous than it appears .
Rathke also asked the governments of South East Asia not to,turn,True,away boats of people seeking asylum .
"The many light toys such a swords , devil ears , and lanterns",turn,True,the milling crowd into a unique light show that can be observed by climbing the steps of the 70 meter memorial hall on the grounds .
"In the next section , we",turn,True,to the relevance of evolutionary ethics for moral epistemology .
Already in college his interests had,turned,True,to music and languages .
"We sat on the porch watching , no longer daring to dart out and leap around in the downfall as drops",turned,True,to torrents and the staccato tapping on the roof climaxed to a thunderous roar .
"We pulled off wet socks and shoes , letting them float away on the tide , before the great worm",turned,True,"and the wake engulfed the creaking , cracking house ."
One of the soldiers,turned,True,"to face him , the ruby-like eyes seeming to pierce his very soul ."
"My mother is bewildered , her face",turned,True,up towards me .
"His was genetic : an uncontrolled genotype that left him predisposed to nearsightedness , acne , and ( as it later",turned,True,out ) predisposed to a susceptibility to narcotics .
"I kicked one in the head until it stopped moving ,",turned,True,to the other .
The sunlight,turned,True,her hair to fire and Carroll found it difficult to look directly at her .
"Having DNA-suitable material will let us see whether there are new genes , or genes",turned,True,on in different ways and at different times that help explain how these animals burrow into hard ice and then survive in the cold .
I,turned,True,to Whitman to find some understanding of what is happening in the world right now .
"One Rohingya , Muhammad Amin , the first boat rescued on Friday was",turned,True,"around twice , toward Malaysia by Indonesian navy and then toward Indonesia by Malaysian navy ."
"A third ,",turning,True,"to face the new threat , took a blow to the face that audibly crunched the bones of his cheek ."
His cheek was,turning,True,blue and yellow .
Malaysia and Indonesia have maintained a policy of,turning,True,"away boats of migrants which , according to AFP , the Untied Nations and United States have both criticised ."
"You could look at yourself ,",turning,True,"to catch different angles and say “ All right , all right , now we ’re talking , ” very loudly ."
She,turns,True,"back , watching where she’s she ’s going , and she needs to get her hair done again because I can really see the gray roots ."
