Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we,understand,True,"visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman et al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we,understand,True,"visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
"For us , as digital humanists , defining the “ transmedia fan ” is of particular relevance as we seek to",understand,True,contemporary social and cultural transformations engendered by digital technologies .
to aim at full intelligibility of the reader so he / she may,understand,True,the full implications of the message ;
I don't do n't,understand,True,that .
He remembered feeling resentful that she was crying and he did not even,understand,True,why .
She wants to,understand,True,", I can see that ."
I didn't did n't,understand,True,why he couldn't could n't see that .
Her voice was listless in the dark and she was even harder to,understand,True,when I couldn't could n't see her properly .
I didn't did n't,understand,True,so I didn't did n't say anything .
I didn't did n't,understand,True,what kind of student she was .
We will discuss the potential implications of these techniques and our,understanding,True,of visual behaviours on museum and gallery practice .
"Measuring the composition and dynamics of a scientific workforce , particularly in a rapidly expanding field like computer science , is a crucial first step toward",understanding,True,how scholarly research is conducted and how it might be enhanced .
We observe that this item fulfils a crucial need shared by all languages – the efficient signalling of problems of hearing and,understanding,True,– and we propose that its form is constrained by selective pressures in a conversational environment that is essentially the same in all languages .
"However , a systematic metascience on replication research has not yet been established in the field of L2 research , leaving a poor",understanding,True,of the actual number and nature of replication studies that have been published .
"Thus , we expect that careful phenotypic manipulation of extant birds can open new avenues of experimental investigation into unexplored facets of dinosaur locomotor mechanics and energetics , providing a more nuanced",understanding,True,of the relationship between form and function in dinosaur evolution .
Nida's Nida 's dynamic-equivalence theory is often held in opposition to the views of philologists who maintain that an,understanding,True,"of the source text ( ST ) can be achieved by assessing the inter-animation of words on the page , and that meaning is self-contained within the text ( i.e. much more focused on achieving semantic equivalence ) ."
for imperative purposes that aim at not just,understanding,True,the translation but also at ensuring no misunderstanding of the translation .
The fact that he had caused someone who loved him such pain with so little effort and,understanding,True,troubled him deeply .
Although I am sure that being there would enhance my,understanding,True,"of the animals and the system in which they live , and would help me formulate more and better questions about the anemones , ship time is expensive , especially in Antarctica , and if there are biologists whose contribution is predicated on being there , they should have priority to be there ."
I turned to Whitman to find some,understanding,True,of what is happening in the world right now .
We have an,understanding,True,"based upon having the same writers in the back room for years , and those writers training the new writers as they come in ."
