The,wai,True,
The traditional greeting known as the,wai,True,", where you press your hands together as is in prayer and bow slightly , is derived from the Hindu cultural influence from India , and still widely practised ."
"Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the",wai,True,should be given .
You should not,wai,True,service people or street vendors .
You will also often see Thais doing a,wai,True,as they walk past temples and spirit houses .
"As a foreign visitor , you are not expected to know how to",wai,True,", nor to reciprocate when wai'd to ;"
If somebody makes a,wai,True,"to you , a slight bow alone is more than sufficient for ordinary occasions , and for business , most Thais will shake hands with foreigners instead of waiing anyway ."
"We 're not gonna gon na do the feet today , I'm I 'm gonna gon na",wait,True,"till like , early in the morning , to do those , cause y- I mean you get so tired ."
The gingerbread batter bowl could,wait,True,"a day , even though it would take longer to clean tomorrow ."
I can’t ca n’t,wait,True,to show Toph and Len .
We,wait,True,for a few minutes .
"Well , I’m I ’m just not ready to",wait,True,that long .
"All in all , I think this is a terrific opportunity to improve sports coverage in a multitude of aspects ; but we will have to",wait,True,until after the event to assess to what extent the broadcasters will meet these expectations .
"Because I have the clear sensation that with this way of thinking , they",wait,True,the praise of some ideologized supporters .
Cuz I actually did not know and actually didn't did n't realize what that symbol meant until I heard other people talking about it and I was like,wait,True,what ? .
I decided to,wait,True,"a few weeks before I even started to talk about it , so I think I'm I 'm about seven weeks ."
Even if you can't ca n't,wait,True,"to live in your new house , curb your enthusiasm and resist the urge to cram all your possessions any which way into boxes ."
All you need to do is place your favorite combination of Skittles candies into a glass or bottle of vodka and,wait,True,for it to infuse .
"The garden paused , and everything held its breath and",waited,True,.
I,waited,True,"for her to say more , but she didn't did n't ."
He ran over to the,waiting,True,"starfighter , threw on his helmet and begun ascending the ladder into the cockpit ."
"I arrived at the playground to find Pag the center of attention for some half-dozen kids , those lucky few in front punching him in the head , the others making do with taunts of mongrel and polly while",waiting,True,their turn .
And I’m I ’m still,waiting,True,for my two other wishes .
"She was outside the building in the gardens ,",waiting,True,for a photographer she had arranged to shoot her new Epic Mickey costumed character-style outfit .
I am,waiting,True,for my first midwife appointment .
Microsoft,waits,True,for death of Internet Explorer 6
