"Retiring to the monastery of Phbow , Pachomius gave Theodorus complete control over Tabennese , though recalled him from the position after witnessing several monks under Theodorus’ Theodorus ’",watch,True,violating the monastic rules without reprimand .
Boy you people didn't did n't,watch,True,enough Sesame Street as a child .
Mom checks her,watch,True,.
I stand there and,watch,True,her back down the driveway .
"We slipped out feet over the sides and when we felt the fish , some as big as logs , some as small as leaves , nibble at our feet , we leant over to",watch,True,them fraying and frolicking under the choppy surface .
"But I did want to document my first trimester to an extent , because when I first found out , I did start to",watch,True,"videos of people's people 's first few weeks , but again , maybe because I wasn't was n't in a great headspace , that just frightened me , which again was because everyone was just saying how awful they felt , how excited they were , and I didn't did n't feel excited ."
As he,watched,True,"his friends' friends ' fighters hurtle down the catapult , his commanding officer had addressed the last remaining pilots still standing on the flight deck ."
So I,watched,True,"the tide go out under that sinking moon , and saw gleaming the spires , the towers , and the roofs of that dead , dripping city ."
And as I,watched,True,", my nostrils tried to close against the perfume-conquering stench of the world's world 's dead ; for truly , in this unplaced and forgotten spot had all the flesh of the churchyards gathered for puffy sea-worms to gnaw and glut upon ."
And as I,watched,True,"the ripples that told of the writhing of worms beneath , I felt a new chill from afar out whither the condor had flown , as if my flesh had caught a horror before my eyes had seen it ."
I,watched,True,"him raise his arms , almost hesitantly , to ward off the worst of the blows ."
"That's That 's another thing too , is I kinda had a b- general idea , of kinda how to do it , just",watching,True,him .
Or — and,watching,True,", people come to our place , and doing it and stuff you know ."
Santa had spent his day opening envelopes from North American children and falling asleep,watching,True,the Pittsburgh - Cleveland game in the media room .
Everyone’s Everyone ’s just,watching,True,the weird retarded girl except this one chubby guy who’s who ’s trying to get her to put down the lights but who’s who ’s afraid to touch her .
"She turns back ,",watching,True,"where she’s she ’s going , and she needs to get her hair done again because I can really see the gray roots ."
Cara is,watching,True,"me through the watery glass , her mouth a little open ."
We sat on the porch,watching,True,", no longer daring to dart out and leap around in the downfall as drops turned to torrents and the staccato tapping on the roof climaxed to a thunderous roar ."
And it was in a grandmother bar by the waterfront — sipping hot tea with rum and,watching,True,over the shoulders of dockworkers playing mah-jongg — that I first heard of the valley of giants .
"Zombie-like he sank down into the seat ,",watching,True,"as if from outside his body as his hands buckled him in , his fingers flip switches , press buttons , acknowledge questions and confirmations on the screens before him ."
"Pete was leaning against the wall ,",watching,True,the street go by .
"We had the ants in an observation nest , and I could just look at them for hours ,",watching,True,them go about .
