I do,wear,True,a lot of black .
"There's There 's supplies , and there's there 's",wear,True,"and tear and maintenance , and bookkeeping and things like that that you have to do ."
"The big hit of the evening , Wikinews observed from the long line , was the Polaroid-room where attendees could",wear,True,a Warhol-like wig or don crazy glasses and have their own Polaroid taken .
"I've I 've got an ironing board , all of my suitcases , socks , clothes that I don't do n't",wear,True,"that often , anything that I need for fixing the house like screwdrivers , drills , nails , all these things that I definitely wouldn't would n't want to have laid out in my room , but I still need somewhere in the house ."
Thai men generally,wear,True,"pants , and most Thais view an adult man wearing shorts as fairly ridiculous ;"
Many recommend that women,wear,True,only full length dresses and skirts ;
you should make sure that your clothing covers at least your shoulders and your knees and some places may require that you,wear,True,ankle-length pants or skirts and long sleeved tops .
Always,wear,True,ballet slippers .
Some schools may have students,wear,True,the same thing and others may just require any type of leotard and tights and sometimes ballet skirts .
"In addition ,",wear,True,gloves to protect your skin .
It's It 's also a good idea to not,wear,True,your Sunday best .
Images of the boy,wearing,True,a NASA T-shirt and handcuffed by the police were quickly posted and reposted online .
"With shoes as wide as a forearm , and a rigid torso of carved foam , she remained exuberant even when caught in the traffic between halls , many hours into",wearing,True,the outfit .
"Thai men generally wear pants , and most Thais view an adult man",wearing,True,shorts as fairly ridiculous ;
"The most important thing is that you are comfortable , and that you 're not",wearing,True,baggy or loose fitting clothing so you can make sure you 're forming and moving correctly in the mirror .
