"While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no",work,True,has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes .
"Next , we present the results of our",work,True,in two sections .
"At times , even those who",work,True,"in academia may be unsure of a particular journal’s journal ’s legitimacy , and there are genuine borderline cases ."
It serves as a reminder of the,work,True,that needs to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .
As future,work,True,", we intend to extend this approach to other domains , as well as to use the developed operators for the automatic improvement of sets of test cases ."
"These concerns speak to the very core of science , raising fundamental questions about the validity and reliability of our",work,True,.
"Finally , we offer further discussion and 16 recommendations for future replication",work,True,"that draw on our narrative and systematic reviews and on our experience of carrying out multisite ( Morgan-Short et al. , 2018 ) 1 and single site ( Faretta-Stutenberg & Morgan-Short , 2011 ; Marsden , Williams , & Liu , 2013 ; McManus & Marsden , 2017 ; Morgan-Short , Heil , Botero-Moriaty , & Ebert , 2012 ) replications ."
"As a pilot project , the current",work,True,"takes the content of both comment threads — a corpus of approximately 5,600 comments — and analyzes each thread separately using a qualitative coding method aligned with constructivist grounded theory ( Charmaz , 2006 ) ."
"He is particularly remembered for his applications of mathematics to mechanics , especially fluid mechanics , and for his pioneering",work,True,in probability and statistics .
Mathematical,work,True,
His earliest mathematical,work,True,"was the Exercitationes ( Mathematical Exercises ) , published in 1724 with the help of Goldbach ."
She also,worked,True,"with a number of other notable directors such as Michelangelo Antonioni ( La notte and Beyond the Clouds ) , Orson Welles ( The Trial , Chimes at Midnight and The Immortal Story ) , Luis Buñuel ( Diary of a Chambermaid ) , Elia Kazan ( The Last Tycoon ) , Rainer Werner Fassbinder ( Querelle ) , Wim Wenders ( Until the End of the World ) , Carl Foreman ( Champion and The Victors ) , and Manoel de Oliveira ( Gebo et l' Ombre ) ."
"In addition to acting , Moreau",worked,True,"behind the camera as a writer , director and producer . [ 2 ]"
That granddaughter : her parents both,worked,True,"in the vineyards , and when she was a child , she would play in my courtyard in the after-noons ."
"In the end , propaganda",worked,True,where empathy failed .
I am 61 now so I really started when I was about 10 years old even though I had seen and,worked,True,with some basic tricks a few years earlier .
This business model,worked,True,for producing content on topics that appeal to advertisers in languages like English that have large advertising markets .
A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated : will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having,worked,True,the Winter Olympics ?
I,worked,True,with some great musicians and performed around the world .
"In her opening remarks for attendees , Waters pointed out those features to attendees , noting the touches of the Warhol Factory , or the studio where he",worked,True,", that were present around them ."
"In his observations of pin factories , Smith noticed that one",worker,True,"alone might make 20 pins in a day , but that a small business of 10 workers ( some of whom would need to complete two or three of the 18 tasks involved with pin-making ) , could make 48,000 pins in a day ."
"Thus , when ACPeds issued a statement condemning gender reassignment surgery in 2016 [ 21 ] , many people mistook the organization’s organization ’s political beliefs for the consensus view among United States pediatricians — although the peak body for pediatric",workers,True,", the American Academy of Pediatrics , has a much more positive view of gender dysphoria [ 22 ] ."
It often nests in tree stumps or under rocks and foraging,workers,True,can sometimes be spotted climbing trees .
"Sit down strikes which began at a significant level in the 1930’s were very threatening to management and ownership , because the sit down strike is one step before",workers,True,"taking over the factory and running it and kicking out the management , and probably doing a better job ."
Idle industries have cast,workers,True,"into unemployment , human misery , and personal indignity ."
"When we divide and subdivide the tasks involved with producing a good or service ,",workers,True,and businesses can produce a greater quantity of output .
"In his observations of pin factories , Smith noticed that one worker alone might make 20 pins in a day , but that a small business of 10",workers,True,"( some of whom would need to complete two or three of the 18 tasks involved with pin-making ) , could make 48,000 pins in a day ."
How can a group of,workers,True,", each specializing in certain tasks , produce so much more than the same number of workers who try to produce the entire good or service by themselves ?"
"First , specialization in a particular small job allows",workers,True,to focus on the parts of the production process where they have an advantage .
"Second ,",workers,True,who specialize in certain tasks often learn to produce more quickly and with higher quality .
This pattern holds true for many,workers,True,", including assembly line laborers who build cars , stylists who cut hair , and doctors who perform heart surgery ."
"In fact , specialized",workers,True,often know their jobs well enough to suggest innovative ways to do their work faster and better .
Cognitive games involve a number of different games,working,True,"aspects of human cognition , while proposing the intersection between the sets of concepts , fun and cognition , for the improvement of cognitive functions ."
"Other studies specifically investigate the use of digital games in the school context and suggest potential for digital game use to improve of student's student 's attention span at preschool age ( Rueda , Checa , & Cómbita , 2012 ) , to improve overall intelligence capacity of elementary school children ( Miller & Robertson , 2010 ) , and to better performance of",working,True,"memory ability ( Klingberg et al. , 2005 ; Thorell , Lindqvist , Nutley , Bohlin , & Klingberg , 2009 ) ."
"The games involve challenges and rules involving the exercise of cognitive functions , especially the",working,True,"memory , attention and capacity of solving problems ."
She paid $ 800 rent by,working,True,"various jobs , like bartending , working at a tanning salon , blogging , and go-go dancing at nightclubs . [ 8 ]"
I was still,working,True,"up the algorithms to get it back , still learning by observation ."
"“ On the other hand , ” I said , “ he’s he ’s the first super we’ve we ’ve had who keeps the boiler , the door buzzers , and the electrical system in perfect",working,True,order . ”
I liked it so much there I ended up doing a PhD and I've I 've been,working,True,on social insects ever since .
There are more magicians,working,True,today than ever before .
"On board the Freewinds , Paris claims that she was",working,True,from 6:00am to midnight and due to lack of sleep ended up being a walking zombie .
Albania is,working,True,"to strengthen the democratic institutions and capacities of its central and local government with a view to bringing its legislation and conditions into line with European Union standards , progressively achieving concrete and measurable results , as previously defined ."
"As you would expect , our public health service is",working,True,hard to contain this first case and limit the risk of any spread of the disease .
While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual,works,True,"and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes ."
One of Fillmore's Fillmore 's most widely noticed,works,True,"of the time ( with Paul Kay and Cathy O'Connor ) appeared in ' Language ' in 1988 as "" Regularity and Idiomaticity in Grammatical Constructions : The Case of Let Alone "" ."
Her major,works,True,"include the aquatic centre for the London 2012 Olympics , Michigan State University's University 's Broad Art Museum in the US , and the Guangzhou Opera House in China ."
"Her fourth-year student project was a painting of a hotel in the form of a bridge , inspired by the",works,True,of the Russian suprematist artist Kazimir Malevich
His textbook Morphology : The Descriptive Analysis of Words was one of the major,works,True,of American Structuralism .
Why did you decide to take the acoustic fate of public domain,works,True,"into your own hands , and how did you go about it ?"
Besides,works,True,"whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses ."
Do you want to limit the scope of LibriVox strictly to old public domain,works,True,", or do you have plans to include recent works under reasonably permissive licenses as well ?"
We are only doing public domain,works,True,", for a number of reasons , partly to keep simplicity in our copyright situation -- public domain means its it s as simple as can be ."
"Also , there are other sites , notably podiobooks.com , which are better suited to CC",works,True,than LibriVox .
we find it makes things clear and easy to say : published,works,True,", public domain , and leave it at that ."
