,"If academics with expertise in relevant fields have difficulty assessing whether particular journals or particular publishers are legitimate , one cannot can not reasonably",expect,True,ordinary people to make such judgments .
,"In the field of L2 research , given the importance of replication and the 50 calls for replication in L2 research that we identified , one might",expect,True,a substantial number of published replication studies by now .
,"Thus , we",expect,True,"that careful phenotypic manipulation of extant birds can open new avenues of experimental investigation into unexplored facets of dinosaur locomotor mechanics and energetics , providing a more nuanced understanding of the relationship between form and function in dinosaur evolution ."
,"We’ve We ’ve seen mass strikes all around the world , in countries that we wouldn’t would n’t",expect,True,it .
,It’s It ’s more subdued than I think what most people would,expect,True,.
,We,expect,True,that the particles will be of order a micron in size .
,As you would,expect,True,", our public health service is working hard to contain this first case and limit the risk of any spread of the disease ."
,"I've I 've got an app called "" what to",expect,True,""" , put in my , you know , cycle situation and have an estimated due date , which is about mid-September ."
,The day began as it usually did when my father was,expected,True,"home from his travels , the house festooned with flowers and stocked with coconut liquor ."
,"In the past nine months , we have witnessed momentous changes in the Arab world that nobody",expected,True,when we met one year ago .
,"Insofar as the larger organization , with a broader membership base , can be",expected,True,"to reflect a wider range of expert opinions and a higher degree of expertise , it is reasonable to give its views greater weight than those of the smaller organization ."
,"For example , the Frontiers contingent of journals appears legitimate — at least to me — despite the fact that authors are",expected,True,to pay a publication fee . 8
,We,expected,True,"that the use of a training session and then the format of the question would guide participants towards evaluating pragmatic felicity over providing truth value judgments , and would result in adult-like interpretations ."
,This interesting combination of findings –,expected,True,"hierarchy of difficulty , but differing age of acquisition – is an important addition to our growing cross-linguistic knowledge of SI and could be the result of language-specific differences in the use of SI lexical items or methodological differences ."
,"A mutant is a copy of the system in which a change has been done that , in most cases , will lead to a behaviour different than",expected,True,.
,The orientation of each limb element to the ground reaction force ( GRF ) indicates the relative contribution of axial and bending forces to external bone loading : a bone perpendicular to the GRF is,expected,True,experience greater bending forces than one parallel to the GRF .
,"On October 10 , 2011 , the couple announced that they were",expecting,True,their first child together .
,Last Year over 4 million visitors attended the event and this year the city,expects,True,about 6 million visitors according to the event website .
