,"We are not setting out to turn them into programmers or data crunchers , but want to boost their knowledge level to where they feel comfortable providing information about DH projects ,",follow,True,"the literature and research , follow online tutorials and hopefully take up the challenge of finishing this professional development by engaging with the DH community ."
,In order to design this curriculum we,follow,True,"a four step approach with a Working Out Loud - principle ( Williams , 2010 ) :"
,"But , unless you personally know the members of your audience , here are some good rules of thumb to",follow,True,:
,"Although initially denied passage to Tabennese by a Pachomian monk due to his wealthy background , Theodorus opted to",follow,True,"the visiting monk , and his persistence ( and lack of obedience ) paid off ."
,"And the lips of the dead lotos-faces whispered sadly , and bade me",follow,True,", nor did I cease my steps till the stream became a river , and joined amidst marshes of swaying reeds and beaches of gleaming sand the shore of a vast and nameless sea ."
,Make sure that you and your friend(s) all,follow,True,a systematic language system .
,"In other words , make sure that you",follow,True,the same guidelines .
,"When starting off ,",follow,True,closely to a language you like .
,"Across the studies , the periods of limited exposure",followed,True,"either classroom training [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 22 ] , [ 24 ] or mixed classroom and immersion training [ 21 ] , [ 23 ] , [ 24 ] ."
,I have not,followed,True,that aspect of the societal response for the present storm .
,"I can be proud that the House did its job ,",followed,True,"the law , defended our Constitution ."
,"The city suffered minor damage during WWII , and suffered extensive urban planning in the decades that",followed,True,", as the nation rapidly industrialized and urbanized ."
,"So when he opened up on that , and she",followed,True,"through , and told about her husband , you know ?"
,"Then , our corpus and system are described ,",followed,True,by an evaluation of the system .
,This is,followed,True,by a repetition of the original statement by G .
,This was,followed,True,"by a memoir on the theory of the tides , to which , conjointly with the memoirs by Euler and Colin Maclaurin , a prize was awarded by the French Academy : these three memoirs contain all that was done on this subject between the publication of Isaac Newton's Newton 's Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica and the investigations of Pierre-Simon Laplace ."
,"In fact , substantial periods ( months to years ) of limited or no exposure",following,True,"L2 training are not uncommon , and may even be the norm [ 16 ] ."
,We are aware of six studies designed to investigate the effects of a substantial period of limited exposure,following,True,"adult L2 training [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 21 ] – [ 24 ] , all of which were restricted to the examination of behavioral ( performance ) outcomes ."
,"Overall , the results of the six studies have been taken to suggest the",following,True,.
,"The afternoon sessions will be devoted to the hands-on training of skills ,",following,True,the Library Carpentry model as closely as possible .
,The,following,True,"autumn , he went up to Trinity College , Cambridge , [ 24 ] where he met and formed a close friendship with the younger John Edleston ."
,In an imperial decree the,following,True,"month , Norton summoned the Army to depose the elected officials of the U.S. Congress :"
,"All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the",following,True,question :
,"For the present analysis , these responses were recoded into nine mutually exclusive categories capturing the",following,True,options :
,Our study is organized as,follows,True,.
,It,follows,True,"from these two basic principles – the ‘ arbitrariness of the sign ’ , and the ‘ selectiveness of particular sound systems ’ – that the words that exist in the world's world 's languages should sound quite different from each other , and that the likelihood that there are universal words is extremely small ."
,"Albeit limited , these results provide valuable insight into SI interpretation by Chitonga-speaking children and demonstrate that pragmatic inference acquisition likely",follows,True,"the order identified in previous research , but appears to be completed at a later age in this language ."
,"She tries to sit down , but I just keep on tugging and she",follows,True,"me , gulping and wailing ."
,You might therefore wish to start right in on the first page of text that,follows,True,and only then return to this introduction .
,Rivertrail,follows,True,the Arkansas River from downtown Tulsa south to the suburbs .
,"If you are looking for a good workout , the Creek Turnpike Trail",follows,True,the land's land 's original contours .
