,You'll You 'll get a,hold,True,of her first .
,"It is the Senate , Madam Speaker , that will fail if it does not",hold,True,this President accountable for using a hold on military aid to compel an ally to interfere in our election for his own personal gain .
,They made their case and appealed to Senators to,hold,True,"this President accountable , as our Founders intended ."
,Plastic-type twist ties will,hold,True,"up in the wash , but may or may not melt in your dryer ."
,The New Zealand government intends to,hold,True,"two referendums to reach a verdict on the flag , at an estimated cost of NZ $ 26 million , although a recent poll found only a quarter of citizens favoured changing the flag ."
,""" Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video , a new obsession is taking",hold,True,"on the internet . An insurgency against The Church of Scientology . "" Anonymous blogger , "" Anon declares war on Church of Scientology """
,"The poster wrote that "" Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video , a new obsession is taking",hold,True,on the internet .
,My country will,hold,True,general parliamentary elections by the middle of next year .
,Next to the door was a tall wrought-iron candle,holder,True,— the kind that stood at either end of the altar .
,There was no,holder,True,and the end was jagged .
,"There was a woman , a season ticket",holder,True,and a die hard fan .
,Usually fill each paper cupcake,holder,True,with about 1/4 cup of batter .
,"He was descended from a family of Aberdeenshire ,",holders,True,"of the small estate of Auchleuchries , near Ellon ."
,Prepare the muffin tray by adding cupcake,holders,True,/ cases .
,"If you prefer larger cupcakes , then add a half a cup but make sure the muffin pan is larger and the cupcake",holders,True,are bigger .
,"During San Diego Comic-Con 2015 , more than 6,000 fans surprised Padalecki at the Supernatural panel by",holding,True,"up candles for him , after having revealed his battle with depression earlier in the year . [ 24 ]"
,She’s She ’s,holding,True,a Dillard’s Dillard ’s bag .
,"We trail out of the store , Cara",holding,True,Mom’s Mom ’s hand and sniffling .
,Montalvo is,holding,True,"a copy of the book Blown for Good critical of Scientology , written by Marc Headley ."
,While USI is,holding,True,"its exhibit , there are also Warhol Polaroid exhibits at the Tang Teaching Museum and Art Gallery at Skidmore College in Saratoga Springs , New York and an Edward Steichen and Andy Warhol exhibit at the Mary & Leigh Block Museum of Art at Northwestern University in Evanston , Illinois ."
,The function of this palace was for,holding,True,religious-national ceremonies and royal festivals and for receiving royal ambassadors and guests .
,"For example , the Instruments for Research into Second Languages ( IRIS ) repository ( http://www.irisdatabase.org ) was established in 2011 and",holds,True,", at the time of writing , over 3,800 materials that can be used for replication , among other purposes , in L2 research ( Marsden & Mackey , 2014 ; Marsden , Mackey , & Plonsky , 2016 ) ."
,Her father is a chemist who,holds,True,several patents and she has one older brother . [ 6 ]
,Each collection donated by the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program,holds,True,Polaroids of well-known celebrities .
,This pattern,holds,True,"true for many workers , including assembly line laborers who build cars , stylists who cut hair , and doctors who perform heart surgery ."
,"Spiritually and culturally important to Moriori , it",holds,True,"the last known concentration of momori-rakau , or tree carvings done by the ancestors of today's today 's Moriori ."
