,Future studies need to include more participants and more items to,increase,True,power .
,Experimental manipulations of femoral orientation in chickens suggest that torsional loads,increase,True,as the femur becomes more horizontal [ 7 ] supporting the idea that postural differences could be reflected in differences in limb cross-sectional geometry .
,"Undersecretary for Education Mr. Toccafondi says "" many schools will",increase,True,"their fees or they will quit . Then the State will have to find new resources to build new structures and manage them "" ( ( it ) ) ."
,"They estimated by 2050 , increasing population and changing diet would",increase,True,world food needs by 50 percent .
,"By 2050 , undernourishment would",increase,True,"by either 49 percent or by 27 percent , depending on the scenario ."
,""" Despite an",increase,True,"in vehicle miles driven and energy consumption , surface ozone has declined by 25 percent on average across the U.S. from 1980 to 2012 [...]"
,The population,increased,True,", as many people from Luzon and the Visayas came to work either as fishermen or miners ."
,"Enjambment takes place when a syntactic unit is broken up across two lines of poetry ( Domínguez Caparrós , 2000 : 103 ) , giving rise to different stylistic effects ( e.g.",increased,True,"emphasis on elements of the broken-up phrase , or contrast between those elements ) , or creating double interpretations for the enjambed lines ( García-Paje , 1991 ) ."
,Follow-up studies with,increased,True,stimuli and participants are needed .
,"The posterior displacement of the CoM produced a more vertically oriented femur during standing ( femur in experimental animals was 40 % more vertical than control subjects ) , and",increased,True,femoral retraction and decreased knee flexion during walking .
,These postural and kinematics changes cannot can not be attributed to an,increased,True,weight as subjects of the control-weight group did not show the same changes as the experimental group .
,This suggests that their results could be partially explained as a response to the,increased,True,loading rather than to the displacement of the CoM .
,Ideally we would have,increased,True,"tail mass and reduced pectoral limb mass but , unfortunately , this is not experimentally feasible ."
,"Shiu Ka-chun of the Social Welfare constituency defeated their opponents , hence the pan-democrats' pan-democrats ' seats in the functional constituencies",increased,True,from 9 to 10 .
,McDonnell did well early in his term pushing back against Senate Democrats who wanted huge tax,increases,True,in response to major revenue shortfalls during the recession .
,"More recently , he erred in accepting a transportation bill that had huge flaws and huge tax",increases,True,", rather than prioritizing spending and seeking more rational , efficient , decentralized transportation decision-making ."
,A consequence of this law is that if the velocity,increases,True,then the pressure falls .
,This is exploited by the wing of an aeroplane which is designed to create an area above its surface where the air velocity,increases,True,.
,The study focuses on ozone-temperature covariation : ground-level ozone,increases,True,with temperatures .
,"However , global warming also",increases,True,"probability of extreme crops-damaging weather events such as floods , droughts , and extreme temperatures ."
,"Third , specialization allows businesses to take advantage of economies of scale , which means that for many goods , as the level of production",increases,True,", the average cost of producing each individual unit declines ."
,"It remains a small , quaint fishing town with laid back charm but with",increasing,True,"media exposure it is growing , slowly but steadily ,"
,"Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by",increasing,True,the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]
,"But shortfalls in payment of his salary , along with",increasing,True,"recognition in Europe and an onset of homesickness , led him to leave the United States and return to Bohemia in 1895 ."
,"For example , universities have a financial incentive to inflate the expertise of their academic staff , thereby",increasing,True,"their rankings , bringing in grant money , and attracting students ."
,The games have features like,increasing,True,"challenges , rules that establish what can and cannot can not be done , and involvement of the player in the quest to gain skills and win the game ( Kirriemuir & McFarlane , 2004 ; Prensky , 2005 ) ."
,"Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an",increasing,True,number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .
,"Mozilla Firefox , its main rival , has been actively",increasing,True,its market share while the recently released Google Chrome is also quickly gaining users .
,"They estimated by 2050 ,",increasing,True,population and changing diet would increase world food needs by 50 percent .
