,"Get feedback from researchers on possible subjects , based on the knowledge and skills they feel librarians",need,True,;
,"After assuming absolute control over the country , he saw no further",need,True,"for a legislature , and on October 12 , 1859 , he issued a decree formally abolishing the United States Congress ."
,All I,need,True,is your signature so I can play the volleyball .
,We,need,True,"to "" make sure there's there 's sufficient iodine added into the food supply , to help those people with a deficiency ."
,Can you get these things done before you head to class or will they,need,True,to wait until school is done ?
,I,need,True,to film another YouTube video .
,"All aspects of the joke you tell , from the content to the length ,",need,True,to be suited to your audience .
,You don’t do n’t,need,True,"to have it completely memorized — in fact , you "" shouldn’t should n’t "" memorize it — but you need to be really comfortable with it , so comfortable that you can continue on with telling it even if you get nervous or sidetracked , which is very possible once you ’re in front of an audience ."
,"A year later , the National Library of the Netherlands ( Koninklijke Bibliotheek ) , and the University Library of the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam again concluded that librarians at their institutes who wanted to get involved in DH",needed,True,more training to adequately support researchers and students in this field .
,"In essence , we want to teach our country’s country ’s librarians the ins and outs of DH in order for them to take up their natural role of facilitating and supporting research and ideally become the research partner",needed,True,in DH projects .
,"Each day starts with one or more lectures by researchers , that address the conceptual knowledge",needed,True,.
,"Both the Austrian Government and private sector have provided medicine , relief supplies and desperately",needed,True,fuel to Libya .
,Follow-up studies with increased stimuli and participants are,needed,True,.
,"As a student in Rome , Jerome engaged in the superficial escapades and sexual experimentation of students there , which he indulged in quite casually but for which he suffered terrible bouts of guilt afterwards . [ 13 ] [ better source",needed,True,]
,"Jerome initially used classical authors to describe Christian concepts such as hell that indicated both his classical education and his deep shame of their associated practices , such as pederasty which was found in Rome . [ citation",needed,True,]
,Her accomplishments were the subject of the film Calling the Shots ( 1988 ) by Janis Cole and Holly Dale . [ citation,needed,True,]
,"This statement , however ,",needs,True,to be read in the context of hardening public attitudes toward homosexuality in England and the severe sanctions ( including public hanging ) against convicted or even suspected offenders . [ 26 ]
,"So if we go to the pregnant woman , she doesn't does n't get enough iodine , she won't wo n't make enough thyroid hormone , and the foetus won't wo n't get the amount of thyroid hormone it",needs,True,"for adequate and proper development of the brain , so you'll you 'll then see consequences being loss of IQ , learning difficulties , hearing difficulties and other neurological problems , "" Professor Eastman said ."
,Your setup,needs,True,to be both realistic and exaggerated in order to be funny —
,"If you want to make the audience laugh , your punchline",needs,True,to be surprising .
,It serves as a reminder of the work that,needs,True,to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .
,"She turns back , watching where she’s she ’s going , and she",needs,True,to get her hair done again because I can really see the gray roots .
,"I wasn't was n't interested in making either of these sacrifices , as I think the world's world 's how to manual",needs,True,to be high quality AND comprehensive .
,"When I discovered Wikipedia , I recognized that the wiki model had the potential to build the how-to resource the world really",needs,True,.
