,Do you,remember,True,"the uh , program on TV , about Hantavirus ?"
,I don't do n't re- – I don't do n't,remember,True,.
,And they will,remember,True,"who on this day abided by the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth ."
,You,remember,True,"your first trip to the upper levels : leaning over the edge into the angry swarm of mites , whirring and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones ."
,You,remember,True,"the last time , that's that 's what happened ."
,You,remember,True,?
,"In Tyler’s Tyler ’s mind he could see her face grow taut , lose color , and then , for the only time he could",remember,True,", she began to cry ."
,"Back then I didn't did n't so much think as observe , didn't did n't deduce so much as",remember,True,— and what I remembered was a thousand inspirational stories lauding anyone who ever stuck up for the underdog .
,Then I,remembered,True,"the only “ yellow man ” I had ever seen , an Olondrian wizard and doctor who had visited Tyom in my childhood , who wore two pieces of glass on his eyes , attached to his ears with wires , and roamed the hills of Tinimavet , cutting bits off the trees ."
,He is particularly,remembered,True,"for his applications of mathematics to mechanics , especially fluid mechanics , and for his pioneering work in probability and statistics ."
,He,remembered,True,"liking the singing and the colorful windows , and how safe he felt there , in that large , empty space , sitting on a hard bench next to her warmth ."
,He also,remembered,True,his own utter confusion .
,He,remembered,True,feeling resentful that she was crying and he did not even understand why .
,Now he,remembered,True,"that they always ate in the dining room , and when they did play board games , it was always on the coffee table in the living room ."
,"Back then I didn't did n't so much think as observe , didn't did n't deduce so much as remember — and what I",remembered,True,was a thousand inspirational stories lauding anyone who ever stuck up for the underdog .
