X,I know,how,True,that works .
X,But,how,True,am I supposed to know when you 're telling the truth ?
X,"You know Kendra , y- — I don't do n't know",how,True,"many times I gotta got ta tell you , once you lie , once you lie —"
X,I cannot can not comment directly on,how,True,the Indian government was prepared for this cyclone .
X,and ... (,how,True,do I best explain this ? )
X,""" The effects of iodine deficiency are dependent upon",how,True,severe it is and when it occurs .
X,Scientists who study cognition are searching for ways to understand,how,True,"we integrate , organize , and utilize our conscious cognitive experiences without being aware of all of the unconscious work that our brains are doing ( for example , Kahneman , 2011 ) ."
X,Cognitive psychology is the field of psychology dedicated to examining,how,True,people think .
,and she was always really shy to,show,True,"that off to people , and I wanted to help her show that stuff , and I wanted to bring it out to the world ."
,"I bounced around here and there , so I have to kind of",show,True,"you guys around and show you what it's it 's all about , and today I'm I 'm on general nuclear medicine , so let 's start the day ."
,"Alright so I've I 've been here just crushing ultrasounds , and today I've I 've been feeling a little under the weather so I've I 've been , like , yeah , I've I 've been like crushing these all day today and then I'll I 'll",show,True,you what else I've I 've been .
,"But yeah that's that 's pretty much it , hope you guys don't do n't mind this kind of like random vlog that I'm I 'm doing , but I just wanted to",show,True,you guys kind of loosely like how a week is and the life of a radiology resident .
,This article will,show,True,"you how to save time and prevent wear , extending the life of your overalls until they are so soft you could wear them to bed ."
,"This is important , because as we will",show,True,"in § 6 below , some of the Eegimaa death prevention names and child-bearing names are given to Eegimaa people from other communities ."
,I thought I would,show,True,"you guys kind of how I'm I 'm mapping this out , because it's it 's a really good tip if you have like a lot to do ."
,"In support of the first claim , we",show,True,that the similarities in form and function of an interjection with the specific function of repair initiation are very much greater across languages than chance coincidence would admit .
,"Of course , he",showed,True,ethical lapses in judgment .
,"In fact , the control-weight subjects",showed,True,"a more horizontally oriented femur during walking with respect to the control group , similar to that observed in Carrano and Biewener's Biewener 's experimental subjects [ 7 ] ."
,"In the video , she stated , "" I'm I 'm sick and tired of guys thinking that just because I",showed,True,"up at a club or a dance or a bar , that I want to have their genitalia touching my backside "" ; [ 12 ] [ 13 ] the video had approximately 36.2 million views as of March 2018 . [ 14 ]"
,When I was ten my father already,showed,True,me some stuff in mathematics and the beauty and the imagination was quite apparent .
,Photos released of the scene,showed,True,numerous bloodied bodies and various scattered debris .
,"And if Steven didn’t did n’t see it as weird , or no weirder than Andy",showing,True,"us his Eastern-Block beer caps all laid out neatly on cork boards with little hand-written labels , why should it bother us ?"
,And the m- — the reason they were,showing,True,"us this at college , was just , to get us , to know if our trimmer , and shoer was doing it right , and — plus the knowledge of knowing the bones and ligaments ."
,So,showing,True,the Paralympics live on United States television might turn out to be less glamorous than it appears .
,Will they take it as an opportunity to educate viewers about disability and diversity while,showing,True,superb athletic performances without engaging in a discourse of pity ?
,"Aerogel slice removed with an ultrasonic blade ,",showing,True,particle tracks .
,Ronald McDonald,showing,True,how it's it 's done
,"Except at the beach or at sacred sites normal western dress is acceptable for both men and women , except that you should avoid clothing",showing,True,a lot of skin .
,Rather than seeking to find out more through questions and learning ( actions viewed by them as,showing,True,"vulnerability ) , arrogant people tend to generalize from their limited , narrow life experiences and try to impose their small worldview on others ."
,"The map in Figure 2 below , adapted from Palmeri and Gazio ( 1995 ) ,",shows,True,a very approximate location of Mof-Ávvi in relation to other neighbouring speech communities .
,"As an example , research",shows,True,"that greater diversity within a community or group can lead to improved critical thinking [ 1 ] and more creative solutions to complex tasks [ 2 , 3 ] by pairing together individuals with unique skillsets and perspectives that complement and often augment the abilities of their peers ."
,"First , the literature",shows,True,"a debate about which specific syntactic units can be considered to trigger enjambment , if split across two lines , and whether lexical and syntactic criteria are sufficient to identify enjambment ."
X,"As well as appearing in films , Goode has appeared in numerous television",shows,True,.
,This map,shows,True,"the location of the Ross Ice Shelf in the Antarctic , and the two known localities for E. andrillae relative to McMurdo Station"
X,There’s There ’s a 24 hour comedy news cycle that exists on all the late night talk,shows,True,.
,This map,shows,True,the extent of the major civilizations of the Western Hemisphere .
,This video,shows,True,a more realistic approach to playing Quidditch .
