,"Your appliances are also murder on the straps , which are almost always the first things to",wear,True,out on your overalls .
,This article will show you how to save time and prevent,wear,True,", extending the life of your overalls until they are so soft you could wear them to bed ."
,The straps,wear,True,out fastest around the adjusters over the course of numerous wash and dry cycles (not ( not to mention being out in the elements if they are work clothes ) .
,Moving them distributes the,wear,True,and tear of washing .
,You guys know I have the white ones and I,wear,True,them all the time and these ones are just like black perforated Vans .
,I do,wear,True,a lot of black .
,"There's There 's supplies , and there's there 's",wear,True,"and tear and maintenance , and bookkeeping and things like that that you have to do ."
,"The big hit of the evening , Wikinews observed from the long line , was the Polaroid-room where attendees could",wear,True,a Warhol-like wig or don crazy glasses and have their own Polaroid taken .
,I was,wearing,True,a yellow linen dress which my mother had picked out and which I therefore disliked although I knew it flattered me .
,She’s She ’s,wearing,True,"a 1950s sundress and a broad-brimmed hat , and it’s it ’s like an essay on the last century — the austere steel bridge , the bright blobs of subway graffiti , and her yellow dress , flapping against her legs as she climbs over the bridge’s bridge ’s rail ."
,Images of the boy,wearing,True,a NASA T-shirt and handcuffed by the police were quickly posted and reposted online .
,"With shoes as wide as a forearm , and a rigid torso of carved foam , she remained exuberant even when caught in the traffic between halls , many hours into",wearing,True,the outfit .
,"Thai men generally wear pants , and most Thais view an adult man",wearing,True,shorts as fairly ridiculous ;
,"The most important thing is that you are comfortable , and that you 're not",wearing,True,baggy or loose fitting clothing so you can make sure you 're forming and moving correctly in the mirror .
