,It is because I know future generations will look back on this chapter in our history and,ask,True,:
,"I really ought a call , at least Reg Barr , and",ask,True,"if uh , he's he 's still speaking to me ."
,"You ’re leaning on the railing , waiting to",ask,True,"Derya about a job , watching the glittering stream of mites that arc over half the sky — flying up to rewind their nanosprings in the stratospheric sunlight , flying down to make Frankfurt run ."
,"It was inevitable that one of us , seeing the plaster casts on the shelf by Steven’s Steven ’s bed would",ask,True,how they were done .
,"Visit a local reptile center , zoo , or pet store and",ask,True,for some dried snake poo .
,"Now , I would like to",ask,True,"you , how these three things ."
,“ Can Toph and Len come over ? ” I,ask,True,.
,"“ Just make sure there are no pixies in the coffee pot , is all I",ask,True,. ”
,"Madam Speaker , this afternoon , Senators will be",asked,True,to vote on the two Articles of Impeachment the House presented on abuse of power and the obstruction of Congress .
,I am often,asked,True,why the House passed Articles of Impeachment even knowing that the odds were slim that Senate Republicans would set aside partisanship and hear the case as impartial jurors .
,"All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were",asked,True,the following question :
,"Additionally , because this question was only",asked,True,"of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing ( legitimate skip ) ."
,Respondents were,asked,True,to indicate their race from among the following categories : White ; Black or African American ; Hispanic ; American Indian or Native American ; and Asian or Pacific Islander .
,"Respondents were provided the opportunity to select more than one race , and those who did were",asked,True,a follow-up question regarding which category best described their racial background .
,Environment Minister John Baird has,asked,True,"government officials how such documents that are supposed to be stored in "" approved security cabinets "" wound up on the street ."
,His father then,asked,True,"him to study in medicine , and Daniel agreed under the condition that his father would teach him mathematics privately , which they continued for some time ."
,"Well he said , I got a letter from the governor ,",asking,True,.
,You get a baseline from,asking,True,girls and refining profiles --
,"As always , the interview was conducted on IRC , with multiple people",asking,True,questions .
,"In the past few days in Italy , several municipalities have started",asking,True,"religious schools to pay taxes for property and local services , despite the resistance of the Catholic Church ."
,"The request of the municipalities results from the sentence of the Italian Supreme Court of Cassation on July 8 , recognising as legitimate the request of the Municipality of Livorno",asking,True,religious schools to pay property taxes .
,"The Union of Rationalist Atheists and Agnostics ( UAAR ) has launched a petition which now has more than 11,000 signatures ,",asking,True,the government to respect and execute the sentence of the Supreme Court .
,Text the other person a brief message,asking,True,"them about their day , asking them a specific question about work or school , or simply saying "" Hi ! "" ."
,"Asking for help with a work or school-related problem is almost always a good bet , as is",asking,True,a question about something striking about the person .
,“ You want to call your dad ? ” Mom,asks,True,.
,"In the second case , the M5S party",asks,True,to the regional government to assure the local administrations of the region regularly apply the sentence of the Supreme Court .
,If someone,asks,True,"you why you pushed all the buttons , you can honestly say , "" It was just a joke ! """
