,I really do,believe,True,that .
,I,believe,True,it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .
,It is possible that these two children understood the task and really did,believe,True,"that the puppet did not produce any poor descriptions , and in this regard , are not yet adult-like in their SI interpretations ."
,"I mean the theory was , whether you",believe,True,"it or not , that it would be a defensive alliance against potential Soviet aggression , that’s that ’s the basic doctrine ."
,"Well there’s there ’s no defense against Soviet aggression , so whether you",believe,True,that doctrine or not that’s that ’s gone .
,As a result some folks,believe,True,wikiHow is a more humane and enjoyable place to work than other places online .
,I,believe,True,that offering this right to fork has been a key element of our success thus far .
,"The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced "" Vilt-two "" — the discoverer was German , I",believe,True,) .
,In those days I,believed,True,there was a difference in the parties .
,Betty was thirty-eight and still,believed,True,in Santa Claus .
,"When Tyler was very young , his grandmother was his favorite person in the world because , unlike his parents , who",believed,True,"that children should always be told the truth as adults understood it , she would fill in the gaps in his knowledge — Santa Claus , the Easter Bunny , God ."
,"To find anyone still proud , anyone who",believed,True,"in giants or shame , was hilarious ."
,Those few TwenCen relics who still,believed,True,in God also held that one shouldn't should n't try to improve upon His handiwork .
,Memon also said she,believed,True,the social movement in reaction to Mohamed helped improve Muslim / non-Muslim .
,Its round shape symbolizes wealth and good fortune and is,believed,True,to bring good luck .
,I am the only candidate who,believes,True,in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .
,"According to ABC News , Basya also",believes,True,the asylum seekers found in the water may have left the boat on purpose to be rescued to avoid being sent away from Indonesia waters .
,New Zealand's Zealand 's Prime Minister John Key said he,believes,True,"redesigning the flag now has a "" strong rationale "" ."
