,"The opening of the joke — or setup — should have a basis in the real world so your audience can relate to it , but it should also",include,True,exaggeration because this is what gives a joke its humorous edge . [ 3 ]
,Jóola language varieties which are closely related to Eegimaa,include,True,"Kujireray / Kuluunaay ( from the village of Brin with 76 % lexical similarity ) and Gufiñamay ( from the village of Afiniam with 74 % lexical similarity ( based on Lewis et al. , 2014 eds. ) ) ."
,Other items,include,True,"various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M's A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department ."
,I did not,include,True,my schedule for college algebra because I have a final on Thursday of next week for that .
,Future studies need to,include,True,more participants and more items to increase power .
,Future studies should also,include,True,a larger age range of children to document the age at which adult-like performance emerges .
,Other notable film roles,include,True,"The Lookout ( 2007 ) , A Single Man ( 2009 ) , Cemetery Junction ( 2010 ) , Stoker ( 2013 ) , Belle ( 2013 ) , The Imitation Game ( 2014 ) and Self/less ( 2015 ) ."
,His most notable television roles,include,True,"Henry Talbot in the final season of historical period drama Downton Abbey , and Finley "" Finn "" Polmar in the CBS legal drama The Good Wife ."
,Those,included,True,"Drew Cass , Devin Thurlow , people like that ."
,"To provide information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are",included,True,.
,Our exploratory study,included,True,three basic steps .
,This final step also,included,True,an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons for discrimination .
,Bantu languages are not,included,True,in studies of acquisition often enough despite the numerous languages in this linguistic grouping and the millions of people using them .
,"In the current study , the responses from two children were not",included,True,because they responded the same way to every item through the training and all test items .
,The cardinal numbers,included,True,"in this study were only one through five in order to avoid additional item variability , but larger numbers should be included in future research ."
,"In some fields , a flourishing metascience , that is , the scientific study of science ( see Munafò et al. , 2017 ) , has",included,True,"syntheses assessing the quantity and nature of replication efforts , for example , in education ( Makel & Plucker , 2014 and in psychology ( Makel et al. , 2012 ) ."
,Tropical vegetation,includes,True,"the pandanus or screw pine , the casuarina , and the mulberry tree , the bark of which is used to make tapa cloth ."
,The project site,includes,True,"Quilis’s Quilis ’s complete list of syntactic environments that can trigger enjambment , as well as the types identified by our system ."
,"The result that healthy ants die sooner when ingesting ROS [ Reactive Oxygen Species , the group of chemicals that",includes,True,"hydrogen peroxide ] but infected ants die less was obtained in another way ( as you have to ' force feed ' the ROS , as healthy ants , when given the choice , ignore that food-source . )"
,"I am curious about the population structure of the "" fields "" of anemones - the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs",includes,True,"many species that reproduce asexually , and it's it 's possible that the fields are "" clones "" produced asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction ."
,"You mentioned Larry Lessig's Lessig 's Free Culture , but it also",includes,True,"some out of print titles by publishers who are open to the concept , such as O'Reilly ."
,The exhibit at USI,includes,True,"Polaroids of actor Dennis Hopper ; musician Nick Rhodes of Duran Duran ; publishers Jann Wenner of Rolling Stone Magazine and Carlo De Benedetti of Italy's Italy 's la Repubblica ; disco club owner Steve Rubell of Studio 54 ; photographers Nat Finkelstein , Christopher Makos and Felice Quinto ; and athletes Vitas Gerulaitis ( tennis ) and Jack Nicklaus ( golf ) ."
,This town is comprised of a large residential community that,includes,True,"Fort Lee natives , transplants from New York , and immigrants , especially from Korea ."
,"For many of us , this",includes,True,"small chores , like taking out the trash or pulling a few weeds , but can include simple tasks in all areas of life ."
,"Such a scenario may be found in different situations ,",including,True,"when one studies a language in a classroom and then stops taking classes [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] and when one is immersed in a foreign language setting and then moves away [ 19 ] ."
,"This statement , however , needs to be read in the context of hardening public attitudes toward homosexuality in England and the severe sanctions (",including,True,public hanging ) against convicted or even suspected offenders . [ 26 ]
,Articles in peer-reviewed academic journals,including,True,Social Science & Medicine have characterized homeopathy as a form of quackery .
,Iodine deficiency can lead to serious health problems,including,True,"brain damage , stunted growth and deafness ."
,"In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition ,",including,True,scores of two further symphonies and other works .
,""" However , the full fuselage trainer , that every astronaut",including,True,"[ former Museum of Flight CEO ] Bonnie Dunbar has been trained on , will soon call the Museum of Flight home ."
,"Last year’s year ’s tenth anniversary of the adoption of Security Council resolution 1325 ( 2000 ) on women , peace and security reminded us that the promise of women’s women ’s full and equal participation in all efforts of maintaining peace and security ,",including,True,"in mediation processes , has not yet come true and that we all need to intensify our efforts ."
,"Some of the distinctive skyline of Downtown ,",including,True,the Kaiser Building and the Cathedral of Christ the Light .
