,"Bernoulli also wrote a large number of papers on various mechanical questions , especially on problems connected with vibrating strings , and the solutions given by Brook Taylor and by Jean",le,True,Rond d'Alembert .
,"Kendra , just",let,True,it go .
,"And her mom wanted to take her home early , and I'm I 'm like , no",let,True,'s stay longer .
,But her mom wouldn't would n't,let,True,her .
,"I was a writer , and she always liked my writings , so I was like ,",let,True,"'s just get both of our things together , and let 's get this done ."
,"I bounced around here and there , so I have to kind of show you guys around and show you what it's it 's all about , and today I'm I 'm on general nuclear medicine , so",let,True,'s start the day .
,"I have no idea what it says , but I think they 're cough drops , so if anybody knows what this says",let,True,me know .
,The main reason attributed for the pollution of Athens is because the city is enclosed by mountains in a basin which does not,let,True,the smog leave .
,"In that context ,",let,True,me also mention an Austrian contribution to international mediation efforts .
,Then she,lets,True,go and falls .
,it,lets,True,them hack the city’s city ’s person-recognition systems .
,"She wails , but",lets,True,me disentangle her hands .
,"Cara has chocolate smeared on her mouth , but she",lets,True,me wipe her face off .
,"What we could do , however , was to study anatomy and figure out what it is , so that when we have samples preserved for studying e.g. , the genome , transcriptome , or metabolome , or conduct tests of the fluid in the burrows or in the animals themselves , we can make precise comparisons , and figure out what these animals have or do ( metabolically or chemically ) that",lets,True,them live where they live .
,"I love that this room has floor-to-ceiling windows as well , it really",lets,True,"the light come in , especially in the summer time ."
,"If using a t-shirt to strain , be sure fabric softener or a dryer sheet had not been used with it ,",lets,True,you get some extra ( unwanted ) flavoring ( and potentially toxic chemicals ) .
