,Find something else to,pick,True,it up with .
,"Of course , we tried to",pick,True,"the locks , but the spikes and saws and drillheads remained — tantalisingly — out of reach ."
,"In his My Linguistic Autobiography , he wrote of his ability to",pick,True,"up a Chinese dialect quickly , without much effort ."
X,"Holt was drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates with the club's club 's ninth round selection in the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft , one",pick,True,before his Rice teammate Ryan Berry . [ 7 ]
,"Padalecki had an uncredited role as a high school bully in 2003's 2003 's comedy Cheaper by the Dozen , which he played after being asked by fellow actor and friend Tom Welling , who played Charlie Baker , and the director of the movie , who wanted someone larger than Charlie to",pick,True,on him .
,We,pick,True,out a size .
,Santa bent down to,pick,True,"them up , mumbling about “ emergency money . ”"
,The first night I dreamed of seeing a stray dog and not stopping to,pick,True,it up although it was wandering in an empty parking lot near a busy road .
,I was wearing a yellow linen dress which my mother had,picked,True,out and which I therefore disliked although I knew it flattered me .
,I,picked,True,these up when I was in Amsterdam for ...
,The bunch that no one,picked,True,"for their side at football or hockey , and that was the glue that held us together ."
,The puppets used were,picked,True,specifically for this task with careful attention to their appearance .
,"Padalecki originally auditioned for Welling's Welling 's role , but gave it up in order to film a pilot titled Young MacGyver which was never",picked,True,up . [ 8 ]
,She,picked,True,up the pans in which she ’d made the potatoes and maple glaze .
,So I,picked,True,up a rock the size of my fist and hit two of Pag's Pag 's assailants across the backs of their heads before anyone even knew I was in the game .
,"She placed a shredded rectangle on the desk , and Carroll",picked,True,it up between his thumb and forefinger .
,"She leaned against the kitchen counter ,",picking,True,dried glaze from the wrinkles in the back of her hand .
,Jenna was,picking,True,herself up off the floor of the bathroom .
