,"With over 40,000 inhabitants , though , it's it 's not just a nature",reserve,True,.
,"While skydiving , it is possible ( yet extremely unlikely ) that both your primary and",reserve,True,"parachutes will malfunction , leaving you with no method of reducing your velocity ."
,If both your primary and,reserve,True,"chutes have malfunctioned , signal immediately to a fellow jumper who has not yet deployed their chute , waving your arms and signalling that your own is not functional ."
,Your,reserve,True,chute should have been packed by a certified rigger and is moderately less likely to fail ;
,"therefore , it may be helpful to focus your efforts on opening your",reserve,True,parachute .
,The senses,serve,True,"as the interface between the mind and the external environment , receiving stimuli and translating it into nervous impulses that are transmitted to the brain ."
,Athens was just a small provincial village when it was chosen in the 1830s to,serve,True,as the national capital of the modern Greek State .
,"As President , I will",serve,True,"ALL of the people in America , guided by the Constitution ."
,"When using the same materials and procedures as a previous study , replication studies",serve,True,to test the reliability of the previous study’s study ’s findings .
,"When altering specific methodological or participant characteristics of a previous study , they",serve,True,to test generalizability of the earlier findings under different conditions .
,L'Enfant was recruited by Pierre Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais to,serve,True,in the American Revolutionary War in the United States .
,"This right to fork guarantees that wikiHow , the company , will always",serve,True,the goal of the mission and our volunteer community .
,"Cynthia Thompson , curator and director of exhibits at the University of Arkansas , Fayetteville , said , "" These images",serve,True,"as documentation of people in his every day life and art - one which many of us enjoy a glimpse into . """
,Mohandas Gandhi,served,True,"as a nonviolent force for independence for India while simultaneously demanding that Buddhist , Hindu , Muslim , and Christian leaders — both Indian and British — collaborate peacefully ."
,"Jespersen was a professor of English at the University of Copenhagen from 1893 to 1925 , and",served,True,as Rector of the university in 1920 – 21 .
,He,served,True,as Bertrand Russell's Russell 's interpreter when Russell visited China in 1920 .
,"In 1945 , he",served,True,"as president of the Linguistic Society of America , and a special issue of the society's society 's journal Language was dedicated to him in 1966 ."
,"He arrived in 1777 at the age of 23 , and",served,True,as a military engineer in the Continental Army with Major General Lafayette .
,L'Enfant,served,True,on General George Washington's Washington 's staff at Valley Forge .
,He was exchanged in November 1780 and,served,True,on General George Washington's Washington 's staff for the remainder of the American Revolution .
,Fillmore,served,True,as President of the Linguistic Society of America in 1991 and was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Chicago in 2000 . [ 7 ]
,The United Nations headquarters in Vienna,serves,True,"as a dynamic hub for the promotion of peace , security and sustainable development ."
,It,serves,True,as a reminder of the work that needs to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .
,"You can use the mint in cooking , as well as it",serving,True,a deterrent purpose .
,Traffic congestion on the main arterial roads,serving,True,"the city ( especially the A19 on Bootham and the Inner Ring Road ) can get very bad , especially during the rush hours and on Saturday mornings ."
