,Desk research about what being a DH librarian entails ( e.g. Hartsell-Gundy,et,True,"al. , 2015 ; Mulligan , 2016 ; also see the Zotero library of the LIBER Digital Humanities working group ) ;"
,"With these in hand , we will design the curriculum of clinics , based on the method of ' constructive alignment ' ( Biggs",et,True,"al. , 2011 ) , to make sure that the intended learning objectives and the teaching / learning activities stay aligned ."
,"At least one prior study by Kessler and colleagues [ 15 ] , however , using measures of perceived discrimination in a large American sample , reported that approximately 33 % of respondents reported some form of discrimination ( see also , Gibbons",et,True,al. [ 4 ] ) .
,Jóola language varieties which are closely related to Eegimaa include Kujireray / Kuluunaay ( from the village of Brin with 76 % lexical similarity ) and Gufiñamay ( from the village of Afiniam with 74 % lexical similarity ( based on Lewis,et,True,"al. , 2014 eds. ) ) ."
,Previous eye tracking research has highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing in the arts ( see for example Brieber 2014 ; Binderman,et,True,"al. , 2005 ) and at the same time offers a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit ( Filippini Fantoni et al. , 2013 ; Heidenreich & Turano 2011 ; Milekic 2010 ) ."
,"Other studies specifically investigate the use of digital games in the school context and suggest potential for digital game use to improve of student's student 's attention span at preschool age ( Rueda , Checa , & Cómbita , 2012 ) , to improve overall intelligence capacity of elementary school children ( Miller & Robertson , 2010 ) , and to better performance of working memory ability ( Klingberg",et,True,"al. , 2005 ; Thorell , Lindqvist , Nutley , Bohlin , & Klingberg , 2009 ) ."
,"In some fields , a flourishing metascience , that is , the scientific study of science ( see Munafò",et,True,"al. , 2017 ) , has included syntheses assessing the quantity and nature of replication efforts , for example , in education ( Makel & Plucker , 2014 and in psychology ( Makel et al. , 2012 ) ."
,"However , a perceived lack of prestige , excitement , and originality of replication plagues L2 research ( Porte , 2012 ) , as it does other disciplines ( Berez-Kroeker",et,True,"al. , 2017 ; Branco , Cohen , Vossen , Ide , & Calzolari , 2017 ; Chambers , 2017 ; Schmidt , 2009 ) , and these perceptions are thought to have caused , at least in part ( directly or indirectly ) , alleged low rates and a poor quality of published replication studies ."
,These language measures were compared in most studies to the same measures in a different,set,True,"of subjects who had not experienced a period of limited exposure [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 22 ] , [ 23 ] , or to retrospective ratings of the same subjects [ 21 ] , with only one longitudinal study testing the same subjects before and after a period of limited exposure [ 24 ] ."
,"In 2015 , an initiative was started to",set,True,"up a Dutch speaking DH+Lib community in the Netherlands and Belgium , based on the example of the American communal space of librarians , archivists , LIS graduate students , and information specialists to discuss topics ‘ Where the Digital Humanities and Libraries meet ’ ."
,Therefore both institutes joined forces to develop a,set,True,of clinics on DH for librarians .
,I am often asked why the House passed Articles of Impeachment even knowing that the odds were slim that Senate Republicans would,set,True,aside partisanship and hear the case as impartial jurors .
,The hardest part was probably to overcome the gagging reflex that,set,True,"in when you bit down into the acrid resin jelly and it flowed out and up and around , over teeth , gums and tongue ."
,It get even less exciting when he said we’d we ’d have to wait an hour while the plaster,set,True,real solid .
,"Over the past year , the International Anti-Corruption Academy",set,True,"up its headquarters near Vienna , and the Vienna Centre for Disarmament and Non-Proliferation and an office of the International Peace Institute were established ."
,This data,set,True,"has shed considerable light on dramatic inequalities in faculty training , placement , and scholarly productivity [ 6 , 19 , 20 ] ."
,"Cognitive games involve a number of different games working aspects of human cognition , while proposing the intersection between the",sets,True,"of concepts , fun and cognition , for the improvement of cognitive functions ."
,"As future work , we intend to extend this approach to other domains , as well as to use the developed operators for the automatic improvement of",sets,True,of test cases .
,Nida then,sets,True,"forth the differences in translation , as he would account for it , within three basic factors :"
,And then a little behind the scenes that you probably will never see again in a video is that down here I keep all of the filming gear that doesn't does n't really fit anywhere else in the room : two,sets,True,"of tripods , I also have a c-stand ."
,Once two,sets,True,"of leaves have formed , basil can be planted into the garden or permanent containers ."
