,Marbles is the first social media,star,True,"to have a wax figure displayed in Madame Tussauds Museum , located in New York City . [ 5 ]"
,She was the first ever YouTube,star,True,to be immortalized at Madame Tussauds New York and her figure is the first selfie-taking wax figure at this location . [ 19 ]
,She achieved prominence as the,star,True,"of Elevator to the Gallows ( 1958 ) , directed by Louis Malle , and Jules et Jim ( 1962 ) , directed by François Truffaut ."
,"This day had crept ever closer as cities , planets and then entire",star,True,systems had fallen to the Enemy ; to those damned Pandorans ; to the Senate's Senate 's mistake .
,"I bounced around here and there , so I have to kind of show you guys around and show you what it's it 's all about , and today I'm I 'm on general nuclear medicine , so let 's",start,True,the day .
,You may want to,start,True,your own joke file .
,"For many visitors , the first place they are likely to visit is Downtown , especially if they are in town on business , or simply do not know where to",start,True,.
,Using CFLs will allow people to decrease their energy consumption ; also it is a good,start,True,to decrease greenhouse emissions .
,We,start,True,"from the widely agreed premise that testing the reproducibility of findings should have an essential role in the testing and refinement of theory , at least for hypothesis-testing epistemologies that seek to ascertain generalizability and for other epistemologies in which constructs are deemed to be definable and observable ."
,This work aimed at developing a complete theory of grammar that would fully acknowledge the role of semantics right from the,start,True,", while simultaneously adopting constraint-based formalisms as popular in computer science and natural language processing ."
,"After his expulsion became official in January 1831 , he attempted to",start,True,"a private class in advanced algebra which attracted some interest , but this waned , as it seemed that his political activism had priority . [ 4 ] [ 7 ]"
,"Back out in the mall , Cara is wailing , which could",start,True,"an asthma attack , so to distract her I say , “ You want a cookie ? ”"
,"In 2015 , an initiative was",started,True,"to set up a Dutch speaking DH+Lib community in the Netherlands and Belgium , based on the example of the American communal space of librarians , archivists , LIS graduate students , and information specialists to discuss topics ‘ Where the Digital Humanities and Libraries meet ’ ."
,We,started,True,"it basically , because I wanted to - I wanted to work with Isabel on a lot of projects that we had going on together ."
,we,started,True,"working with a few of our friends , and colleagues and whatnot ."
,"An overwhelming number of young people were at the forefront of this enormous tide , which",started,True,in Tunisia and Egypt .
,"There , he",started,True,"a project called FrameNet , an on-line structured description of the English lexicon implementing much of what he had earlier proposed more theoretically in his theory of Frame semantics , while implementing the idea of emphasizing example sentences from corpora ."
,"It was published in the prestigious journal Miyako no Hana in 1892 , only nine months after she had",started,True,writing in earnest .
,"While primarily used as an infielder , he has",started,True,"in and played at every position for the Red Sox , except for pitcher and catcher ."
,Holt,started,True,the 2013 season with the Triple-A Pawtucket Red Sox .
,"There were two classes of each grade ,",starting,True,at the sixth and going down to the first .
,The,starting,True,materials consist of two green spheres and two purple spheres .
,The,starting,True,materials consist of four green spheres and two purple spheres .
,I'm I 'm,starting,True,"the review for all the chapters for my final exam , and it is a lot of information so I already planned on getting up early today and going ."
,"On June 1 , 2015 , while",starting,True,"at first base for the first time in his career , Holt went 4-for-4 with four doubles , a walk , and two RBI against the Tampa Bay Rays to win 4 to 0 . [ 14 ]"
,Wilkins observed that the 2007,starting,True,"date of the donation program , which is part of the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts , coincided with the 20th anniversary of Andy Warhol's Warhol 's death in 1987 ."
,"Evolutionary explanations of morality , however , provide us with a useful",starting,True,point for thinking about these questions .
,"Most Tulsans drive almost everywhere , although bus , bike , and pedestrian routes are",starting,True,to catch on .
,Each day,starts,True,"with one or more lectures by researchers , that address the conceptual knowledge needed ."
,The shape that it,starts,True,out with .
,Chubby guy kind of hovers until I get the lights away from Cara and as soon as I put them on the shelf he grabs them and,starts,True,straightening them out and draping them back over the display .
,Street,starts,True,with the premise that our moral judgments are influenced by evolutionary forces .
,Alternatively the snitch can be a small yellow ball ( tennis balls work great ) that is hidden before the game,starts,True,by a bystander or referee .
