,"On the administrative level , the directors of the libraries participating in the consortium of Dutch academic libraries ( UKB ) also expressed the wish that librarians",become,True,more fluent in DH .
,"In essence , we want to teach our country’s country ’s librarians the ins and outs of DH in order for them to take up their natural role of facilitating and supporting research and ideally",become,True,the research partner needed in DH projects .
,"By 1859 , Norton had",become,True,completely disgruntled with what he considered the inadequacies of the legal and political structures of the United States .
,"Sensations and information are received by our brains , filtered through emotions and memories , and processed to",become,True,thoughts .
,"By the 7th century BC , social unrest had",become,True,"widespread , and the Areopagus appointed Draco to draft a strict new law code ( hence "" draconian "" ) ."
,Voters see the two-party system for the sham it has,become,True,.
,The Fukushima nuclear catastrophe should,become,True,a turning point in our approach to nuclear safety .
,The units may only work for a short time because mice can,become,True,used to them . [ 4 ]
,Experimental manipulations of femoral orientation in chickens suggest that torsional loads increase as the femur,becomes,True,more horizontal [ 7 ] supporting the idea that postural differences could be reflected in differences in limb cross-sectional geometry .
,"Demosisto's Demosisto 's Nathan Law earned a surprise victory as second place in the constituency with 50,818 votes , and",becomes,True,the youngest Legislative Council member in Hong Kong's Kong 's history .
,""" When a chicken or another animal with this tendency",becomes,True,"frightened , its heart rate lowers and it stops moving ."
,If it,becomes,True,"apparent that you cannot can not open either of your two parachutes , or that for some other reason they are fatally non-functional , then the following steps may be of some minor assistance ."
,Simmer the quinoa for about 15 minutes or until the grain,becomes,True,translucent and the white germ forms a visible spiral on the exterior of the quinoa grain .
,"Transmedia systems , like that exemplified by Game of Thrones , are",becoming,True,"increasingly prevalent ( e.g. , Star Wars , Harry Potter , The Walking Dead , the Marvel Cinematic Universe , etc ) ; these systems demonstrate , in microcosm , the global challenge of managing the fire-hose flow of information in contemporary postdigital society ."
,"Higuchi's Higuchi 's likeness adorns the Japanese 5000 yen banknote as of fall 2004 ,",becoming,True,"the third woman to appear on a Japanese banknote , after Empress Jingū in 1881 and Murasaki Shikibu in 2000 ."
,Quickly,becoming,True,"a favorite of Pachomius , Theodorus lived an enviably ascetic life in the monastery , and took on the title of the "" brothers’ brothers ’ comforter "" ."
,"Even then , at the tender age of eight and with half my mind gone , I was",becoming,True,a superlative observer .
,History is,becoming,True,more and more irrelevant .
,By adopting contemporary legislation and by,becoming,True,"a party to other recently adopted international instruments on human rights , Albania has associated itself with countries that are enforcing a number of national strategies and programmes focusing on specific population groups , especially women , children , persons in need and minorities , among others ."
,"On Friday , 28 February , New Zealand recorded its first case of the COVID-19 coronavirus ,",becoming,True,the 48th country to have a confirmed case .
,"Currently exurbs such as Apache Junction , Fountain Hills , Queen Creek , and Sun City are",becoming,True,part of this metropolitan area as well .
