,""" If an infant's infant 's not getting enough iodine ... brain development won't wo n't be completed and they won't wo n't",grow,True,"normally , and as you get older the problem will be that you will develop a goiter and your thyroid won't wo n't function as well as it should , so that may have all sorts of pernicious effects upon normal function in life . """
,Can I,grow,True,some basil ?
,"The Beavertail Cactus ( Opunitia basilares ) , found primarily in the Mojave Desert and northwest Mexico ; can",grow,True,to be about 24 inches ( 60 cm ) high ; has pads that look like beavertails ; and yields red or purple flowers from spring to early summer .
,Read the following steps to find out how to,grow,True,Beavertail cactus .
,Beavertail cacti seeds need shade to,grow,True,", whereas cuttings need plenty of direct sunlight ."
,The moisture in the pad will provide enough nutrients for roots to,grow,True,.
,Let the cuttings,grow,True,.
,"Well-food indoor kitties might just see the mouse as a toy , and",grow,True,quickly bored of it after scaring it half witless .
,"It remains a small , quaint fishing town with laid back charm but with increasing media exposure it is",growing,True,", slowly but steadily ,"
,What also should not be lost in discussion of discrimination is the,growing,True,push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence of discriminatory practices .
,"I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the",growing,True,diversity of the commonwealth .
,"With Loma Prieta in 1989 , the effective barrier of the Cypress Street Overpass was destroyed , and the decades since have seen the rebuilding and refurbishing of many of the neighborhood's neighborhood 's original Victorian houses , and there is a burgeoning performing arts community",growing,True,near the center of the neighborhood .
,Be aware that,growing,True,Beavertail cactus from seeds takes much longer than growing one from a cutting .
,Try,growing,True,peppermint plants near the entryways .
,"More recently , institutions of academic expertise have been subject to a large and",growing,True,outbreak of so-called predatory journals — journals that will publish almost anything for a fee .
,"This interesting combination of findings – expected hierarchy of difficulty , but differing age of acquisition – is an important addition to our",growing,True,cross-linguistic knowledge of SI and could be the result of language-specific differences in the use of SI lexical items or methodological differences .
,"During the spring , summer , and fall , the Beavertail cactus",grows,True,and will benefit from a balanced fertilizer .
,This particular event,grows,True,in popularity every year .
,"Flowers blooming create a hormone change which dramatically reduces the flavor of the leaves , as well as reducing the amount of foliage which",grows,True,.
