,More than two billion people around the world,live,True,"in areas prone to iodine deficiency , and yet the problem is easily fixed ."
,"Mof-Ávvi is a peninsula bordered by the Casamance River to the north , which separates it from the Jóola Búluf and Jóola Fogny areas , and to the east by the villages Brin and Djibonker , where the speakers of Kujireray and Baïnounk Gubëeher",live,True,.
,Nowadays most Eegimaa speakers from Mof-Ávvi,live,True,"outside their homeland , generally in urban areas like Ziguinchor and Dakar ."
,If you,live,True,"in an area with strong summer sun , position the cuttings so that the broad sides of the cuttings face east and west while the slim sides face north and south ."
,We,live,True,in an epistemic environment that is heavily and deliberately polluted by agents who use mimicry and other methods as a means of inflating their pretense to expertise .
,"In many cases , he focused his attention on the lives of women and identified how a woman devoted to Jesus should",live,True,her life .
,"He was not baptized until about 360 - 366 , when he had gone to Rome with his friend Bonosus of Sardica ( who may or may not have been the same Bonosus whom Jerome identifies as his friend who went to",live,True,as a hermit on an island in the Adriatic ) to pursue rhetorical and philosophical studies .
,"Marbles has been in a relationship with fellow YouTuber Julien Solomita since 2013 , and the two",live,True,"together in California with their four dogs , Marbles , Kermit , Peach and Bunny , who regularly appear in her videos . [ 26 ]"
,"First , our experimental subjects",lived,True,in a large enclosure under conditions that allowed them to exercise all day long .
,She,lived,True,until 1739 . [ 4 ]
,"During the World War II , the family was split , and Moreau",lived,True,with her mother in Paris .
,"Nida retired in the early 1980s , although he continued to give lectures in universities all around the world , and",lived,True,"in Alpine , Arizona , USA ; Madrid , Spain and Brussels , Belgium ."
,"Quickly becoming a favorite of Pachomius , Theodorus",lived,True,"an enviably ascetic life in the monastery , and took on the title of the "" brothers’ brothers ’ comforter "" ."
,In two months Carroll had learned that her parents,lived,True,"on a farm several miles outside of town ; that they sold strawberries in summer , and sold Christmas trees in the winter ."
,Rachel still,lived,True,"on her parents' parents ' farm , which made it all the more remarkable that she had kept Carroll and her parents apart for so long ."
,"Given the living standard and residence of people living near the coastal areas in this region , the evacuation is certainly necessary and essential to save",lives,True,.
,Concepts are informed by our semantic memory ( you will learn more about semantic memory in a later chapter ) and are present in every aspect of our,lives,True,"; however , one of the easiest places to notice concepts is inside a classroom , where they are discussed explicitly ."
,"You absorb a large quantity of information by listening to and participating in discussions , examining maps , and reading first-hand accounts of people’s people ’s",lives,True,.
,"In this way , concepts touch every aspect of our",lives,True,", from our many daily routines to the guiding principles behind the way governments function ."
,"In Libya , thousands lost their",lives,True,in the struggle for freedom and democracy .
,"In many cases , he focused his attention on the",lives,True,of women and identified how a woman devoted to Jesus should live her life .
,"And with those mistakes would come death to billions of innocent , unsuspecting",lives,True,.
,Hundreds of millions of,lives,True,are depending on our actions here .
,Norton initially made a,living,True,"as a businessman , but he lost his fortune investing in Peruvian rice ."
,Given the,living,True,"standard and residence of people living near the coastal areas in this region , the evacuation is certainly necessary and essential to save lives ."
,"They were a nomadic , seafaring people ,",living,True,mainly by fishing and subsistence agriculture .
,We must build trust and we have to foster the belief among Israelis and Palestinians that a negotiated settlement can be achieved — a sustainable solution based on two States,living,True,side by side in a secure and peaceful neighbourhood within mutually recognized borders .
,These days there are around 20000 people,living,True,in the Group .
,"Neiafu and surrounding villages are home to about a third of the Group’s Group ’s overall population of around 20000 , with the majority of the population",living,True,in small villages on the other islands .
,"Pierre Charles L'Enfant ( French : [ pjɛʁ ʃɑʁl lɑ̃fɑ̃ ] ; August 2 , 1754 – June 14 , 1825 ) , self-identified as Peter Charles L'Enfant while",living,True,"in the United States , was a French-born American military engineer who designed the basic plan for Washington , D.C. ( capital city of the U.S. ) known today as the L'Enfant Plan ( 1791 ) ."
,She wrote relatively little as a result of,living,True,a brief life — she died at 24 — but her stories had a large impact on Japanese literature and she is still appreciated by the Japanese public today .
