,"In 2015 , an initiative was started to set up a Dutch speaking DH+Lib community in the Netherlands and Belgium , based on the example of the American communal space of librarians , archivists , LIS graduate students , and information specialists to discuss topics ‘ Where the Digital Humanities and Libraries",meet,True,’ .
,"The most enduring of those was with John FitzGibbon , 2nd Earl of Clare — four years Byron's Byron 's junior — whom he was to",meet,True,unexpectedly many years later in Italy ( 1821 ) . [ 22 ]
,How did you two,meet,True,?
,He stares until you,meet,True,his eye .
,Voters who,meet,True,"me and hear me speak know that I am sincere , know that I understand the issues deeply and have workable solutions , and know that I stand on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law and the public interest ."
,"She , her mother , and younger sister made ends",meet,True,"by doing needlework , washing , and other jobs ."
,"Y- — Oh well , I'm I 'm glad to",meet,True,you .
,We’ve We ’ve got another fifteen minutes before we have to,meet,True,my mom .
,At the initial,meeting,True,it became apparent that most participants were there to learn more about digital humanities and were not ( yet ) in the situation where they were able to offer expertise on the subject .
,"In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France ,",meeting,True,linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .
,"The government's government 's Flag Consideration Project has planned a number of conferences and roadshows as part of this process , with the first",meeting,True,set to take place in Christchurch on May 16 .
,"As a result of decisions taken on Friday , health staff are",meeting,True,"all direct international flights landing in New Zealand airports from Hong Kong , Japan , South Korea , Singapore , and Thailand ."
,"Opened in 2005 , Kopinga is the official",meeting,True,place of Te Imi Moriori .
,"In support of the second claim , we show that Huh ?",meets,True,the criteria of a word in the sense of being a conventional lexical sign which must be learnt .
