,We see this as the ideal opportunity to,provide,True,"these educative sessions not only to our own librarians , but also to the academic librarians of other Dutch research libraries ."
,The aim of these clinics is to,provide,True,"basic methodological competencies and technical skills in DH , for a diverse group of librarians , consisting of both subject and technical librarians with basic technical skills ."
,The content of these sessions should enable them to,provide,True,"services to researchers and students , identify remaining gaps in knowledge or skills that they could address by self-directed learning and ( perhaps ) to automate their daily library work ."
,By having researchers,provide,True,"the lecture sessions , we hope to fuel the enthusiasm of the librarians with the inspiration of direct contact with researchers and to provide access to a network within and across universities ."
,To,provide,True,"information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included ."
,"In the end , these choices",provide,True,the greatest number of people with the best opportunity to share in the history and accomplishments of NASA's NASA 's remarkable Space Shuttle Program .
,"In the end , these choices",provide,True,the greatest number of people with the best opportunity to share in the history and accomplishments of NASA's NASA 's remarkable Space Shuttle Program .
,The island lies in deep water and has sheltered waters and bays which,provide,True,a resting place for humpbacks with calves .
,Research on adult-learned second language ( L2 ) has,provided,True,considerable insight into the neurocognitive mechanisms underlying the learning and processing of L2 grammar [ 1 ] – [ 11 ] .
,Respondents were,provided,True,"the opportunity to select more than one race , and those who did were asked a follow-up question regarding which category best described their racial background ."
,"As noted earlier , all analyses were weighted according to the survey weight",provided,True,by the Add Health research staff and standard errors were corrected for the clustering and stratification that defined the sampling strategy .
,The Ethnologue language codes are,provided,True,for language varieties that have them .
,Both the Austrian Government and private sector have,provided,True,"medicine , relief supplies and desperately needed fuel to Libya ."
,"In this paper , we report upon the novel insights eye-tracking techniques have",provided,True,into the unconscious processes of viewing the unique collection of Zurbarán artworks .
,"It is also possible though that these two children were attempting to please the data collectors , or be polite , and that “ yes ” was in some ways a default answer to be",provided,True,when having to respond verbally in a test context .
,"Example of aerated concrete , which",provided,True,a home for the subjects .
,"Although he was not always successful in preventing violence around him , his life",provides,True,"a steadfast example of the civil disobedience prototype ( Constitutional Rights Foundation , 2013 ) ."
,Austria,provides,True,substantial support to the energy and environment efforts undertaken by the United Nations Industrial Development Organization .
,Dalton’s Dalton ’s atomic theory,provides,True,a microscopic explanation of the many macroscopic properties of matter that you’ve you ’ve learned about .
,The island,provides,True,"a home to eleven indigenous bird species and contains Mt. Talau national park , with some of the limited remaining native vegetation ."
,This is some 35 minutes from Neiafu Harbour and,provides,True,the main concentration of humpback whales .
,This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually explore artworks and,provides,True,"new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour ."
,"Second , aggregate information",provides,True,"only a high-level view of a field , which can make it difficult to investigate causality [ 23 ] ."
,The second,provides,True,an example of the type of research enabled by our system and uses the 2011 and 2017 censuses to investigate the “ leaky pipeline ” problem in faculty retention .
,"We are not setting out to turn them into programmers or data crunchers , but want to boost their knowledge level to where they feel comfortable",providing,True,"information about DH projects , follow the literature and research , follow online tutorials and hopefully take up the challenge of finishing this professional development by engaging with the DH community ."
,These facilities we've we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and,providing,True,"outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . """
,"By assembling an accurate census of an entire field from online information alone , this system will facilitate new research on the composition of academic fields by",providing,True,"access to complete faculty listings , without having to rely on surveys or professional societies ."
,We expected that the use of a training session and then the format of the question would guide participants towards evaluating pragmatic felicity over,providing,True,"truth value judgments , and would result in adult-like interpretations ."
,"Thus , we expect that careful phenotypic manipulation of extant birds can open new avenues of experimental investigation into unexplored facets of dinosaur locomotor mechanics and energetics ,",providing,True,a more nuanced understanding of the relationship between form and function in dinosaur evolution .
,I think that,providing,True,people with a practical education is one of the most empowering things you can offer a person .
,"Depending on region and crops , the yields may be primarily sensitive to ozone - in the case of wheat - or heat - in the case of maize - alone ,",providing,True,a local estimation of relative benefits of climate change adaptation versus ozone regulation .
