,"However ,",it,True,is not enough to have attained such native-like levels .
,"Crucially ,",it,True,"is also desirable to retain them , even in the absence of continued practice or exposure to the L2 ."
,"In the present study , we examine the outcomes of such a period of no exposure on the neurocognition of L2 grammar : that is , whether a substantial period of no exposure leads to decreased proficiency and / or less native-like neural processes ( “ use",it,True,"or lose it ” [ 20 ] ) , no such changes , or perhaps whether even higher proficiency and / or more native-like processing may be observed ."
,"Such loss has been observed after as little as a few months of limited exposure , e.g. , after a 1 - 7 month [ 23 ] or 6 month delay [ 21 ] , as well as after 2 years [ 18 ] , though in one case",it,True,"was observed only by 3 - 5 years , and not earlier [ 17 ] ."
,"Although attrition may take place within the first few years , some studies suggest that",it,True,"then appears to level off , with no further losses occurring [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] ."
,At the initial meeting,it,True,became apparent that most participants were there to learn more about digital humanities and were not ( yet ) in the situation where they were able to offer expertise on the subject .
,"About his "" protégé "" he wrote , "" He has been my almost constant associate since October , 1805 , when I entered Trinity College . His voice first attracted my attention , his countenance fixed",it,True,", and his manners attached me to him for ever . """
,In,it,True,", Norton observed :"
,"Yes , I don't do n't know why I got pulled on today , but I did , so probably just",sit,True,"in there , read some ultrasounds and get out early ."
,She tries to,sit,True,"down , but I just keep on tugging and she follows me , gulping and wailing ."
,"It was the first time she had been to his apartment , and she stood square in the center of his bedroom , her arms folded against her body as if she was afraid to",sit,True,"down , to touch something ."
,"I mean there’s there ’s certainly signs of it , and in the United States too , in fact we had a",sit,True,"down strike in the United States not long ago , which is a very militant labor action ."
,"Sit down strikes which began at a significant level in the 1930’s were very threatening to management and ownership , because the",sit,True,"down strike is one step before workers taking over the factory and running it and kicking out the management , and probably doing a better job ."
,"This coffee table over here , it's it 's glass and has two levels , so it's it 's really good when we have multiple friends over , and we have lots of food to put on the table , or if we 're playing board games , we can have people",sit,True,"around it , and still have a lot of space to lay everything out ."
,We have two chairs where we can,sit,True,"down and sort of enjoy the weather when it is a little bit better , um but now it's it 's really cold so just gonna gon na close it ."
,"You can see them visiting and talking as they stroll along the streets ,",sit,True,in the plazas or dine in the many sidewalk restaurants .
,Cara,sits,True,"in her booster seat in the back of the car , wheezing all the way home , getting worse and worse , and by the time we pull in the driveway , she’s she ’s got that white look around her mouth ."
