x,The,wai,True,
x,The traditional greeting known as the,wai,True,", where you press your hands together as is in prayer and bow slightly , is derived from the Hindu cultural influence from India , and still widely practised ."
x,"Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the",wai,True,should be given .
x,You should not,wai,True,service people or street vendors .
x,You will also often see Thais doing a,wai,True,as they walk past temples and spirit houses .
x,"As a foreign visitor , you are not expected to know how to",wai,True,", nor to reciprocate when wai'd to ;"
x,If somebody makes a,wai,True,"to you , a slight bow alone is more than sufficient for ordinary occasions , and for business , most Thais will shake hands with foreigners instead of waiing anyway ."
,Can you get these things done before you head to class or will they need to,wait,True,until school is done ?
,"So so far this morning I've I 've just read a few studies ( it's it 's a little slow in the morning ) of general nuclear medicine because a lot of stuff takes time for the radio tracers to go into the body or the specific organ we are targeting , so we have to",wait,True,a little bit in the morning .
,For lymphoscintigraphies we basically inject technetium in skin surrounding a melanoma and after we inject we,wait,True,"about 15 - 20 minutes , maybe up to an hour , and wait for that radio tracer to travel to the closest lymph node which we would call the sentinel lymph node ."
,It get even less exciting when he said we’d we ’d have to,wait,True,an hour while the plaster set real solid .
,"I'm I 'm just kind of sad that they didn't did n't have them in stock , so now I have to",wait,True,.
,"The second or third pad will bear some flowers , but",wait,True,before harvesting them or you might affect the size of future harvests .
,"We 're not gonna gon na do the feet today , I'm I 'm gonna gon na",wait,True,"till like , early in the morning , to do those , cause y- I mean you get so tired ."
,The gingerbread batter bowl could,wait,True,"a day , even though it would take longer to clean tomorrow ."
,"The initiated then revelled in retelling the gross sensation of having this evil-smelling plastic slug invade your mouth , while the others",waited,True,their turn with mixed trepidation and excitement .
,"The garden paused , and everything held its breath and",waited,True,.
,I,waited,True,"for her to say more , but she didn't did n't ."
,"The hall ended in a T and we went left through the gym , walked underneath the bleachers and stood next to the side door ,",waiting,True,for the rain to stop .
,"You ’re leaning on the railing ,",waiting,True,"to ask Derya about a job , watching the glittering stream of mites that arc over half the sky — flying up to rewind their nanosprings in the stratospheric sunlight , flying down to make Frankfurt run ."
x,He ran over to the,waiting,True,"starfighter , threw on his helmet and begun ascending the ladder into the cockpit ."
,"I arrived at the playground to find Pag the center of attention for some half-dozen kids , those lucky few in front punching him in the head , the others making do with taunts of mongrel and polly while",waiting,True,their turn .
,And I’m I ’m still,waiting,True,for my two other wishes .
,"She was outside the building in the gardens ,",waiting,True,for a photographer she had arranged to shoot her new Epic Mickey costumed character-style outfit .
,I am,waiting,True,for my first midwife appointment .
,Microsoft,waits,True,for death of Internet Explorer 6
