,The bib has a wallet pocket and a,watch,True,pocket .
,He watched the second hand trotting round the dial of his,watch,True,"mouthing the quarters , before poking the setting goo to check its consistency ."
,"Retiring to the monastery of Phbow , Pachomius gave Theodorus complete control over Tabennese , though recalled him from the position after witnessing several monks under Theodorus’ Theodorus ’",watch,True,violating the monastic rules without reprimand .
,Boy you people didn't did n't,watch,True,enough Sesame Street as a child .
,Mom checks her,watch,True,.
,I stand there and,watch,True,her back down the driveway .
,"We slipped out feet over the sides and when we felt the fish , some as big as logs , some as small as leaves , nibble at our feet , we leant over to",watch,True,them fraying and frolicking under the choppy surface .
,"But I did want to document my first trimester to an extent , because when I first found out , I did start to",watch,True,"videos of people's people 's first few weeks , but again , maybe because I wasn't was n't in a great headspace , that just frightened me , which again was because everyone was just saying how awful they felt , how excited they were , and I didn't did n't feel excited ."
,Almost everybody has,watched,True,a trial either in person or on television .
,He,watched,True,"the second hand trotting round the dial of his watch mouthing the quarters , before poking the setting goo to check its consistency ."
,As he,watched,True,"his friends' friends ' fighters hurtle down the catapult , his commanding officer had addressed the last remaining pilots still standing on the flight deck ."
,So I,watched,True,"the tide go out under that sinking moon , and saw gleaming the spires , the towers , and the roofs of that dead , dripping city ."
,And as I,watched,True,", my nostrils tried to close against the perfume-conquering stench of the world's world 's dead ; for truly , in this unplaced and forgotten spot had all the flesh of the churchyards gathered for puffy sea-worms to gnaw and glut upon ."
,And as I,watched,True,"the ripples that told of the writhing of worms beneath , I felt a new chill from afar out whither the condor had flown , as if my flesh had caught a horror before my eyes had seen it ."
,I,watched,True,"him raise his arms , almost hesitantly , to ward off the worst of the blows ."
,"You ’re leaning on the railing , waiting to ask Derya about a job ,",watching,True,"the glittering stream of mites that arc over half the sky — flying up to rewind their nanosprings in the stratospheric sunlight , flying down to make Frankfurt run ."
,You never get tired of,watching,True,them .
,You ’re,watching,True,her lean out .
,But if you 're,watching,True,"this , hi thank you so much for coming and saying hi to me you actually made my whole day ."
,"That's That 's another thing too , is I kinda had a b- general idea , of kinda how to do it , just",watching,True,him .
,Or — and,watching,True,", people come to our place , and doing it and stuff you know ."
,Santa had spent his day opening envelopes from North American children and falling asleep,watching,True,the Pittsburgh - Cleveland game in the media room .
,Everyone’s Everyone ’s just,watching,True,the weird retarded girl except this one chubby guy who’s who ’s trying to get her to put down the lights but who’s who ’s afraid to touch her .
