,"The content of these sessions should enable them to provide services to researchers and students , identify remaining gaps in knowledge or skills that they could address by self-directed learning and ( perhaps ) to automate their daily library",work,True,.
,"We started it basically , because I wanted to - I wanted to",work,True,with Isabel on a lot of projects that we had going on together .
,"Typical treatments take the dilutions , with ritualised shaking between each step of the dilution , past the level where any molecules of the original substance are likely to remain ; for homeopathic treatments to",work,True,", basic well-understood concepts in chemistry and physics would have to be wrong ."
,"And it is an oath made necessary by the fact that Senators are not , as we are not , under normal circumstances , impartial in our",work,True,.
,"Scientists who study cognition are searching for ways to understand how we integrate , organize , and utilize our conscious cognitive experiences without being aware of all of the unconscious",work,True,"that our brains are doing ( for example , Kahneman , 2011 ) ."
,These thoughts are one example of cognition at,work,True,.
,"We get to head home early today because we finished off the scans , and I'm I 'm gonna gon na go home and",work,True,"out because I was too lazy to do it this morning because for some reason I was tired from having a weekend off , which makes no sense ."
,But I'm I 'm gonna gon na go,work,True,"out , cook something for dinner and do this all over again tomorrow ."
,He also,worked,True,with the International Auxiliary Language Association .
,She also,worked,True,"with a number of other notable directors such as Michelangelo Antonioni ( La notte and Beyond the Clouds ) , Orson Welles ( The Trial , Chimes at Midnight and The Immortal Story ) , Luis Buñuel ( Diary of a Chambermaid ) , Elia Kazan ( The Last Tycoon ) , Rainer Werner Fassbinder ( Querelle ) , Wim Wenders ( Until the End of the World ) , Carl Foreman ( Champion and The Victors ) , and Manoel de Oliveira ( Gebo et l' Ombre ) ."
,"In addition to acting , Moreau",worked,True,"behind the camera as a writer , director and producer . [ 2 ]"
,That granddaughter : her parents both,worked,True,"in the vineyards , and when she was a child , she would play in my courtyard in the after-noons ."
,"In the end , propaganda",worked,True,where empathy failed .
,I am 61 now so I really started when I was about 10 years old even though I had seen and,worked,True,with some basic tricks a few years earlier .
,This business model,worked,True,for producing content on topics that appeal to advertisers in languages like English that have large advertising markets .
,A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated : will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having,worked,True,the Winter Olympics ?
,"In his observations of pin factories , Smith noticed that one",worker,True,"alone might make 20 pins in a day , but that a small business of 10 workers ( some of whom would need to complete two or three of the 18 tasks involved with pin-making ) , could make 48,000 pins in a day ."
,"Thus , when ACPeds issued a statement condemning gender reassignment surgery in 2016 [ 21 ] , many people mistook the organization’s organization ’s political beliefs for the consensus view among United States pediatricians — although the peak body for pediatric",workers,True,", the American Academy of Pediatrics , has a much more positive view of gender dysphoria [ 22 ] ."
,It often nests in tree stumps or under rocks and foraging,workers,True,can sometimes be spotted climbing trees .
,"Sit down strikes which began at a significant level in the 1930’s were very threatening to management and ownership , because the sit down strike is one step before",workers,True,"taking over the factory and running it and kicking out the management , and probably doing a better job ."
,Idle industries have cast,workers,True,"into unemployment , human misery , and personal indignity ."
,"When we divide and subdivide the tasks involved with producing a good or service ,",workers,True,and businesses can produce a greater quantity of output .
,"In his observations of pin factories , Smith noticed that one worker alone might make 20 pins in a day , but that a small business of 10",workers,True,"( some of whom would need to complete two or three of the 18 tasks involved with pin-making ) , could make 48,000 pins in a day ."
,How can a group of,workers,True,", each specializing in certain tasks , produce so much more than the same number of workers who try to produce the entire good or service by themselves ?"
,"First , specialization in a particular small job allows",workers,True,to focus on the parts of the production process where they have an advantage .
,"Desk research about what being a DH librarian entails ( e.g. Hartsell-Gundy et al. , 2015 ; Mulligan , 2016 ; also see the Zotero library of the LIBER Digital Humanities",working,True,group ) ;
,we started,working,True,"with a few of our friends , and colleagues and whatnot ."
,Whether you are a,working,True,"man or just a little cutie trying to stay cute , those overalls are going to need washing sooner or later ."
,I hope to lead the Republican party in a new direction for,working,True,class Americans .
,Implementing a Tax System that allows,working,True,"Americans making under $ 250,000 to keep all of their money ."
,Cognitive games involve a number of different games,working,True,"aspects of human cognition , while proposing the intersection between the sets of concepts , fun and cognition , for the improvement of cognitive functions ."
,"Other studies specifically investigate the use of digital games in the school context and suggest potential for digital game use to improve of student's student 's attention span at preschool age ( Rueda , Checa , & Cómbita , 2012 ) , to improve overall intelligence capacity of elementary school children ( Miller & Robertson , 2010 ) , and to better performance of",working,True,"memory ability ( Klingberg et al. , 2005 ; Thorell , Lindqvist , Nutley , Bohlin , & Klingberg , 2009 ) ."
,"The games involve challenges and rules involving the exercise of cognitive functions , especially the",working,True,"memory , attention and capacity of solving problems ."
,I know how that,works,True,.
,The first public performances of his,works,True,"were in Prague in 1872 and , with special success , in 1873 , when he was aged 31 ."
,"In 1874 he made a submission to the Austrian State Prize for Composition , including scores of two further symphonies and other",works,True,.
,"In his career , Dvořák made nine invited visits to England , often conducting performances of his own",works,True,.
,"While in the United States , Dvořák wrote his two most successful orchestral",works,True,": the Symphony From the New World , which spread his reputation worldwide , [ 4 ] and his Cello Concerto , one of the most highly regarded of all cello concerti ."
,"All of Dvořák's Dvořák 's nine operas but his first have librettos in Czech and were intended to convey Czech national spirit , as were some of his choral",works,True,.
,Among his smaller,works,True,", the seventh Humoresque and the song "" Songs My Mother Taught Me "" are also widely performed and recorded ."
,"Mankind , Nation and Individual : from a linguistic point of view ( 1925 ) is one of the pioneering",works,True,on Sociolinguistics .
